The answer is yes. The purple protons contain three protons. Therefore this signal, corresponds to this set of protons here. What about this signal here, that integrates for one? What set does that belong to? That has to belong to the orange set because the orange set is the only set that contains only one proton. Okay. That's not so bad, we've begun seeing how the NMR spectrum lines up with the molecule structure. What about these last two signals? Unfortunately we can't identify these just yet. Both of these signals have an integration of two. The remaining sets of protons both contain two protons. We're going to need more information before assigning each of these signals to a particular set. A tool that can help us do that is what is called chemical shift. The x axis of an NMR spectrum is measured in chemical shift. Usually represented by the Greek letter delta. With the units being ppm. Ppm stands for parts per million. Why use such a strange unit? The reason we use ppm instead of other units such as hertz is because NMR spectrometers come in various strengths. It will be very inconvenient to have to use a different unit for every different strength of spectrometer. By using ppm we allow all NMR spectra to use the same units regardless of the strength of the spectrometer. To calculate the ppm, we take the energy of the signal we measure from the NMR experiment, which is measured in frequency, the unit which is hertz, and we divide it by the strength of the spectrometer, measured in megahertz. Look at these units. Hertz over megahertz. One over a million. That's where the ppm unit comes from. Some terminology before we continue, when interpreting NMR spectra, we often have to compare signals with each other. When we do so we don't use the terms left or right. Instead we use the terms upfield of down-field. For example, if I'm looking at this signal here and comparing it to this signal to its right. This signal is down-field of the signal at lower ppm values. In contrast, this signal is upfield of the signal at a higher ppm value. Which you can see here. Farthest upfield we have hydrogen atoms attached to carbons which are not near electron withdrawing groups. We will define what electron withdrawing groups are in a few slides. For now just know the term, and know that electron withdrawing groups are functional groups that contain heteroatoms such as oxygen and nitrogen. If we begin to move down-field. We find hydrogen atoms that are near heteroatoms such as oxygen and nitrogen. Not all electron withdrawing groups are equivalent. Carbonyl groups are electron withdrawing but they are not strongly electron withdrawing. As a result hydrogen atoms near a carbonyl, notice how I'm saying near not attached to, you'll see in a little bit how hydrogen attached to an aldehyde or carboxylic acid are very far down-field. But for normal hydrogen atoms that are near a carbonyl, those tend to be around 2 to 2.5 ppm because the carbonyl is not a strong electron withdrawing group. In contrast. Hydrogen atoms near an alcohol or an amine, tend to be farther down-field from 3 to 4 ppm. We continue moving down-field we find hydrogen atoms attached to alkenes, hydrogen atoms attached to aromatic rings, which a phenyl ring is a common example. And finally farthest down-field we have hydrogen atoms part of an aldehyde of part of a carboxylic acid. You may have noticed that these number ranges don't exactly match the spectra you see in the spectra data tables on the cover of your laboratory manual, which you can also find on the Compass 2g course website. The values in those tables have been distilled to this simple image which has divided the proton NMR spectrum into whole numbers and half numbers for your convenience. You are expected to memorize these regions. An important note before we continue. These regions are not hard barriers. It is possible for an alkene proton to appear above 6.5 ppm. It depends on what exactly is around that proton. That being said, these values for regions you see here are good rules of thumb for most spectroscopy problems. Just remember that overlap between regions is possible. Now that we have discussed at what chemical shifts protons appear at in a proton NMR spectrum, we are going to discuss why these different protons appear in these different chemical shifts. 