I have these red protons as part of the methyl group. And I have these purple, green, and blue protons attached to the alkene. Previously, I stated that if hydrogens are on the same carbon, they are equivalent, yet this green and blue proton have been labeled as different. Why is that? This has to do with the caveat I said for that rule where if they are on the same carbon and the carbon can rotate to swap the hydrogen's positions, they are equivalent. This carbon double bond cannot rotate. Therefore this green proton cannot switch positions with this blue proton. Therefore they are not chemically equivalent. Okay let's give you some practice now. Here is 1-propanol. Pause the video, take a few minutes, and tell me how many sets of chemically equivalent protons are there in 1-propanol. Welcome back. Let's see how you did. I see the protons here as part of the methyl group as being chemically equivalent. And I see the protons on this methylene to be chemically equivalent. I see protons on the next door to be chemically equivalent. And finally I see this proton as part of the alcohol as its own set. We finished our discussion on identifying equivalent protons. Now we're going to talk about integration of the signals that result from those individual sets. Recall that each signal in a proton NMR spectrum results from one set of equivalent proton. What integration, or in other words, the area underneath each of these signals tells us is the number of chemically equivalent protons that belongs to that set. For example, let's look at the left side of this NMR spectrum here. I have this signal which corresponds to one set of equivalent protons. This number underneath is the integration. What this tells me is that there's two protons that belong to this particular set. If I go next door, I see an integration of 0.98. That's a fraction, is that a problem? No. These values you see below are calculated by the computer and are calculated using the data provided by the experiment. Lower quality data will give us less accurate integration. When you see non-integer integrations like you see here, you usually simply round to the nearest whole number. So in this case, 0.98 rounds to 1. So this signal here, contains only one proton in that particular set. Go to the next signal, this signal we would round to two, therefore there are two protons that are part of this set, and this final signal with an integration value of three indicates there are three protons in this set. Now there is one caveat here, all of these integration values are relative. Remember a computer calculates these integration values. What the computer does not know is exactly how many protons are present in each signal. All it can give us is the ratio between all these signals. For example these signals could instead be 4, 2, 4, 6, or 6, 3, 6, 9. The computer would not be able to distinguish them. For this course, you can assume that the integration signals you see are accurate as is. Unless the question states otherwise. Now let's discuss how the NMR spectrum for 1-propanol matches with what we learned about what we should see. When we're discussing sets of equivalent protons. We figured out that we should see four signals for 1-propanol because we have four sets of equivalent protons. We had this set here, this set here, this set here, and finally this set here. Do we see four signals in our NMR spectrum? Yes we do. 1, 2, 3, 4. Each of these signals corresponds to one set in our molecule. Can we begin assigning which signals belong to which set using integration? Well let's think about it. Lets look at the signal farthest right.