You might be wondering "why do these two carbonyls show up at different locations?"  We'll talk about why that is on the next slide.  Now let's look at the next region.  At 2200, I would see stretches that correspond to carbon carbon triple bonds.  Do I see any stretches in this area? No.  No I don't, therefore I probably don't have any carbon carbon triple bonds.  Now remember the caveat that I stated: just because I don't see a stretch here does not mean there isn't a carbon carbon triple bond.  But it's a very good indication that I don't have a carbon carbon triple bond.  Ok, now let's look at the next region.  Let's look at roughly 3000.  What do I see here? I see a bunch of stretches below 3000.  That means I have sp3 hybridized carbons attached to hydrogens.  Is that true? Yeah, cause I have those here on the methyl group.  Ok, do I have anything above 3000? Well, that's kind of hard to say. I do have this region right here.  There is a stretch of some kind here, but what does that stretch correspond to?  It's actually difficult to say, and that's because in this region we actually have stretches overlapping with each other.  This very broad stretch corresponds to the -OH located here.  Unfortunately, that stretch is overlapping with what we should see for these sp2 hybridized carbons attached to the hydrogens.  The stretches belonging to these bonds are present, unfortunately they are being covered up by the stretch for the -OH.  This is an important lesson to learn for IR spectroscopy.  Stretches corresponding to different bonds can overlap with each other.  Hopefully interpreting this IR spectrum is now no longer as intimidating as it once was.  You now know that everything here on the right side of the spectrum is not interpreted, which makes our work much easier.  And you saw how each of these other clearly defined stretches corresponded to bonds present in aspirin.  You also learned that the stretches for different kinds of bonds can overlap with each other and how it is important to be aware of that possibility.  Let us discuss carbonyls a little bit.  One of the most common mistakes that you may make when interpreting infrared spectroscopy involves carbonyl stretches.  On this slide, you see the IR spectroscopy data tables corresponding to carbonyls that you can find on your organic chemistry lab notebook cover.  You see how each type of carbonyl: carbonyl attached to a ring, an ester, an aldehyde, a ketone, an acid, an amide, and what's called a conjugated carbonyl are given their particular ranges.  The mistake you may make is believing that these values are exact values.  From this table, you may believe that ketones appear at 1715, whereas carboxylic acids will always appear at 1710.  This is not true.  The potential danger of this table is you believing that there are such thing as a ketone stretch, or an ester stretch, or an aldehyde stretch.  The carbonyl stretch tells you that there is a carbonyl in your molecule.  It does not tell you what kind of carbonyl you have.  Fortunately you can narrow the options.  If you look at this table, you see that there is a dividing line at 1700.  These types of carbonyls above this line will always be above 1700.  If you have an amide, or a conjugated carbonyl, that stretch will appear below 1700.  If you do not know what conjugated means yet, when I say conjugated carbonyl, I mean a carbonyl connected to a carbon carbon double bond.  Why do amides and conjugated carbonyls appear below 1700?  This is because of resonance.  Let me draw an amide here.  R stands for some alkyl group.  I can take this amide and draw a resonance structure where I take the lone pair on the nitrogen and move it this way to make this resonance structure.  