Look at the carbon on the right.  We know that there are two hydrogens attached.  It is sp3 hybridized, therefore it is tetrahedral in geometry.  And while these bond angles are not 109.5 degrees, they are closer to that than what we saw here on the left.  Now let's get some practice interpreting line structures.  On this slide, I have four line structures.  Let us go ahead and identify the carbon atoms in the line structure in the upper left.  Remember that every corner and every intersection in a line structure is a carbon atom, so let's go ahead and find those.  One here at the end, one here, and we continue down the line structure.  Every one of those dots is a carbon atom.  Therefore, there are six carbon atoms present in this molecule.  What about hydrogen atoms?  How many hydrogen atoms are present?  Because we are just starting, let's go ahead and draw in the implicit hydrogen atoms to make that counting easier.  Look at this carbon farthest left.  This carbon has two bonds drawn connecting to it.  Therefore, to fulfill the octet rule, there must be two hydrogens attached.  Let's also look at the carbon next door.  This carbon has three bonds connected to it.  One, two, and three.  To fulfill the octet rule, this carbon must have one hydrogen attached to it.  Now, let's go over one more.  This carbon has one, two bonds already attached to it.  Therefore, this must have two hydrogens attached to fulfill the octet rule.  And as you continue down, we simply follow that same rule, until all carbons have fulfilled the octet rule using hydrogen atoms.  Notice how this carbon here has no hydrogen atoms attached.  That is because it already has four bonds.  One, two, three, and four.  Therefore, there are no hydrogens attached to his particular carbon.  Let's count the number of hydrogens present.  One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.  There are ten hydrogens present in this line structure.  How about double bonds.  Are there double bonds present in this molecule?  Yes, we see that this carbon-carbon connection here is a double bond.  And we see that this carbon-oxygen connection is also a double bond.  Remember that every line corresponds to a bond.  If there is one line, it is a single bond. If there are two lines, it is a double bond.  Now, what I would like for you to do is to pause the video and do the same analysis for the remaining three structures.  Identify how many carbon atoms are present in each line structure, and how many hydrogen atoms are present in each line structure.  What I suggest you try to do first is to identify the number of hydrogen atoms without drawing them in like we did here.  An important part of organic chemistry is being able to interpret a line structure without drawing in all of the implicit hydrogens.  So go ahead, pause the video for a few minutes and tell me how many carbons are present in each of the remaining line structures and how many hydrogens are present in each of the remaining line structures.  Welcome back.  Let's see how you did.  Let's look at the structure in the upper right.  How many carbon atoms do I have?  I have one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten carbon atoms.  How about hydrogen atoms?  Let's go ahead and draw those in just for this one.  I have one hydrogen attached to this carbon.  Why only one hydrogen?  Well let's look at that carbon.  We have one bond, two bonds, three bonds.  Therefore, this carbon needs only one hydrogen to fulfill the octet rule.  And that is the same for all these other carbons on this side of the molecule.  What about these carbons in the middle?  How many bonds do those have?  One, two, three, and four.  These carbons in the middle already have four bonds.  Therefore, they have no hydrogens attached to them.  And if we go around the ring, we see that each of the remaining carbons have two hydrogens attached to them.  