Let us look a little more closely at these mass spectra. Clearly there is one major peak, one peak larger than the rest, however, you might also have noticed the smaller peaks to the right. What do these smaller peaks correspond to? Those smaller peaks are a result of isotopes. If you look at the periodic table of elements, you will see carbon has an atomic weight of 12.011. That atomic weight is an average of all of the isotopes of carbon. If you take a sample of carbon, almost ninety-nine percent of the carbon will be carbon-12. About one percent of that carbon will be carbon-13 and a minuscule amount of the carbon will be carbon-14. How does this affect our mass spectrum? Recall that mass spectroscopy separates compounds based on their mass to charge ratio. Imagine a situation where we have a molecule of aspirin that contains no carbon-13. I have a molecular weight of 180 grams per mole. Now let us say I have a molecule of aspirin that contains one atom of carbon-13. As a result, the molecule of aspirin with one atom of carbon-13 will have a mass of 181 grams per mole. Or what we might call, M+1. How would these combinations of different isotopes affect our mass spectrum? For a molecule of aspirin that contains no carbon-13, we have a mass of 180 grams per mole. We add the mass of a proton to that, we see 181 grams per mole, and that is the largest signal in our mass spectrum. If instead, we have a molecule of aspirin that contains one atom of carbon-13 we have a mass of 181 plus the mass of a proton to give us 182, which we see in the mass spectrum, don't we? Notice how the signal for 182 is much smaller than the signal for 181. That is because carbon 13 is much less abundant than carbon-12. If you look real closely, you can see another even smaller signal at 183. That would correspond to an aspirin molecule that contains two carbon-13 atoms. The take home message here is that the presence of isotopes will give us different masses for the same molecule. These three signals you see here all belong to aspirin. It's just that some of those molecules of aspirin have different isotopes of carbon. Of course, carbon is not the only element that exists in different isotopes. There are two other elements where understanding these isotopic patterns is very useful. The first of these elements is chlorine. Here I have a molecule that contains a chlorine atom.  Using the atomic weight of chlorine I see in the periodic table, I calculate a molecular weight for this molecule of 156.57. Do I see that mass on the mass spectrometer? To make this discussion easier, the mass spectra you see on this slide will not include any ions. Remember that in reality, you would see a mass plus the mass of an ion of some kind a proton or a sodium, but, for the discussion of this slide on isotopic patterns, you will use the mass of these molecules without the additional ions. What I see is a signal corresponding to a mass of 156 and a signal corresponding to a mass of 158. Why is that? Chlorine has two main isotopes. Chlorine can come in a mass of 35 and it can come with a mass of 37. If you take a sample of chlorine roughly seventy-five percent of that chlorine will be chlorine-35 and roughly twenty-five percent of that chlorine will be chlorine-37. And you might be able to see how this distribution is reflected in the size of the signals. We have two main isotopes of chlorine therefore we should see two main signals. One for each isotope of chlorine and they should exist in a roughly three to one ratio, because the isotopes exist in a roughly three to one ratio. Therefore if you are looking at a mass spectrum, you see two main peaks that are 2 AMUs apart. Why 2 AMUs? Because that's the difference in AMUs between the two isotopes of chlorine that are roughly in a three to one ratio you have a chlorine somewhere in your molecule. Very useful to know. Similarly, if I take that same molecule, I now replace that chlorine with a bromine, I see another isotopic pattern. In bromine, my two main isotopes...