because I see nothing above 3000,  I have no sp2 hybridized C-H bonds or sp hybridized C-H. Thats's pretty useful information to know. Finally, let's look in the 3500 area, do we see any major stretches here? Some of you are maybe thinking, ya, we see this here, and because this lump is so small, that's probably an N-H bond. Here is where you need to be careful. In this particular spectrum, this blob doesn't actually correspond to anything in our molecule, that blob corresponds to residual water in our sample. How would you, as a student know that? You would know that by the shape and the size. Remember, alcohols tend to be very broad and very tall, clearly not an O-H. It is very small, which is consistent with what you have seen for N-H's. However, the shape of this blob is not consistent with the N-H's you have seen. The N-H stretches you have seen have been either relatively short but broad 2 peak signals, or moderately strong, single peak signals. That's how I know this does not belong to my molecule and is likely just residual water. And there we go, you finished our analysis of the infrared spectrum. I note that I have a carbonyl somewhere in my molecule and all of my C-H bonds are sp3 hybridized carbon C-H bonds. Doesn't sound like much, but that gives us actually a great deal. For example, remember how we had only one degree of unsaturation, and that degrees of unsaturation correspond to either pi bonds or rings? We now know that this one degree of unsaturation corresponds to the carbonyl in our molecule. We know we have a carbonyl because we have a stretch that tells us we do. Carbonyls contain a pi bond, therefore the carbonyl is the source of our one degree of unsaturation. We now know that there are no rings in our molecule because we have no degrees of unsaturation left, and we have no other pi bonds in the molecule. We have done a very quick analysis here but we have learned a great deal from this very short analysis. Okay, so far we have calculated our degrees of unsaturation,  which is a value of one and recorded that in our tables. In the IR spectrum, we have filled a table containing the major stretches in the IR spectrum. Now let's move on to interpreting the carbon 13 NMR. Before we start, let us note that we have three peaks here at roughly 77 ppm. Remember, that corresponds to chloroform, the NMR solvent, so it is not part of our molecule. Now let's start our interpretation. First, we're going to label these carbon signals. In this course, for consistency, we're going to label carbon signals using numbers, from left to right. So this signal on the left, is 1, and we go from left to right, we simply label those 2, 3, 4. Let's go ahead and start making a table. 1, 2, 3, 4. And now let's record the chemical shift of each of these signals. Look at carbon 1, that's between 210 and 220, it's probably about 213, doesn't have to be exact. Let's remember the units for this column are ppm. Let's look at carbon 2, and it looks to be, OHH, 42 ppm. Carbon 3 appears to be 27 ppm. And carbon 4, let's say 18 ppm. And that's it. That is the entire analysis of our carbon 13 spectrum. What has this analysis told us? Remember that a carbon 13 NMR tells us 2 things: tells us the number of equivalents of carbons, and it gives us some information about the types of carbons present and/or the presence of functional groups. Let's look at the number of signals we have. 1,2,3,4. Now let;s compare that number to the number of carbons in our molecular formula. 