And that gives me the difference in chemical shift in ppm. Now I wish to convert this into Hertz. I simply multiply this by the strength of the spectrometer which gives me a value of 5.8 Hertz. When talking about J values, we always round to the tenths place. This means that the J value, the coupling constant for this triplet, is 5.8 Hertz. Let's do the same thing for this quartet on the right. I shall again pick the two right most peaks. Remember it doesn't matter which two peaks I select. Either distance between adjacent peaks should give us the same J value. Do the same calculation. My difference in chemical shift in ppm, Now let's convert it to Hertz. Multiplying by the strength of the spectrometer to give me a couplet constant of 5.8 Hertz. Again rounded to the tenths place. Notice how these values are identical. It's because coupling constants are reciprocal. If these two signals result from protons from splitting each other, they must have the same coupling constant. In this case that should make sense because these protons on the methylene and these protons on the methyl must be splitting each other. They must possess the same J value. Now let's say you selected a different distance. For example, if you look at this triplet on the left, what if instead we selected the left most peak and the middle peak. What J value will we calculate there? What I told you is that we should obtain the same J value, but if we use these numbers on the screen you would instead see a J value equal to 6.0 Hertz. Why is that? These chemical shift values are given to us by computer. How accurately the computer is able to measure the middle of these peaks determines how accurate our calculated J values are. So what happens at the J value you calculate is different than the J value I calculate because I selected a different distance. Your answer will still be acceptable as long as your answer is within the threshold say plus or minus 0.2 Hertz. Your answer is fine. Those values are about the same and any difference is a result of the numbers given to you by the computer. Now for some practice. Go ahead and calculate the coupling constant for this signal here. Remember that these values in blue up top are measured in ppm. Pause the video and calculate the J value, the coupling constant, for the sextet. Welcome back, let's see how you did. For this signal, I am selecting the middle two peaks. This is not a requirement. You can select any two peaks that are adjacent to each other. I just happen to be selecting the middle two. Do some calculations. I get the difference in ppm and I multiple by the strength of the spectrometer which this time is 600 megaHertz. Make sure you pay attention to the values the problem gives you. To get a value of 7.9 Hertz. Now your value might be slightly different. Your value might be a little bit more or a little bit less. But so long as you selected two peaks that were adjacent to each other and used the values given to you by the problem. Your answer is acceptable. What makes this useful as a tool to us? Remember J values are reciprocal. That means that if you have two signals that have the same J value, you know that the protons belonging to the signals must be adjacent to each other. You learn about connectivity this way. Before finishing this webcast, we have to talk about something that was glossed over in the previous one. In the previous webcast, we discussed why two protons that are next door to each other split each other. When trying to predict how many peaks each H should possess, we learned about the n plus one rule where we have a hydrogen that has n number of neighboring equivalent hydrogens the number of peaks is n plus one. There is word in this that I didn't discuss last webcast. That word is equivalent. In most cases for aliphatic protons, the equivalent portion of this definition is not relevant. Unfortunately, not all protons are simple aliphatic protons. 