Here we will find carbon-carbon triple bonds. But there is a caveat here, if you look at the table on your lab notebook cover or on the course website you will notice that for the carbon carbon triple bond it says that the signal for the carbon-carbon triple bond might be weak if the carbon-carbon triple bond is too symmetrical. Why is that? Remember a bond is IR active if there is a change in dipole moment as it stretches and contract. If a carbon-carbon triple bond is too symmetrical there isn't a large difference in dipole moment, which means that even if it stretches and contracts there isn't going to be much of a change and so it won't appear or if it does appear it won't be very large. As a result c-c triple bonds might not appear in a IR spectrum even if there in the molecule. How will you know whether it will appear or not? You won't. And so you will have to use other spectroscopic methods to corroborate your conclusion. This is one of those exceptions I mention at the end of the last webcast and you have to be careful with it. The next region to look at, is at 3,000 wave numbers. Here we find C-H bonds. The type of C-H bonds however is important. If the carbon in a C-H bond is sp3 hybridized, then it appears below 3000. Typically between 2900 wave numbers and 3000 wave numbers. Although stretches can go below 2900 wave numbers. However if it is sp2 hybridized then it appears just above 3000 say from 3000 wave  numbers - 3100 wave numbers. And that's incredibly useful, whether a C-H stretch is above or below 3000 tells us what type of carbon we have in that bond. Similarly, if we have a sp hybridized carbon that's even further above 3000 usually at around 3300 although again it can be a little bit above or a little bit below. This is an example of how the same type of bond can appear in different parts of the IR spectrum based on what comprises the bond. The sixth and final region is not really a particular wave number its more a block from 4000 to can be as low as 3000 or even lower. Is where we find OH bonds and NH bonds the reason that these type of bonds can appear in such a wide area is because their shape is different than the shape of most other stretches. The shape of an OH or an NH stretch tends to be quite broad in contrasts the shape of most other bonds, say a carbonyl, tends to be quite narrow like I'm drawing here on the right, and thats another important thing to know about an IR spectrum. The shape of a stretch can tell you what type of stretch it is. Most stretches will be quite sharp and distinct. You can immediately identify an OH or a NH stretch because they will look different they will tend to be much broader than most other stretches. While I do not expect you to memorize the table I showed you on the last slide, I do expect you to memorize these six regions. Now let's take this knowledge and put it to use by interpreting an IR spectrum here is an IR spectrum for Aspirin again. let's look at this step-by-step, remember that the fingerprint region is 1500 wave numbers and lower. Which means we're not going to interpret any of this. And frankly that comes as an relief to me, because look at all of these stretches. Look at how difficult it will be to try and interpret this, so we ignore all of that. Now let us look at the next region, let's look at roughly 1650, do I see a stretch there? Indeed I do. Therefore there is a C-C double bond in the molecule is that true? In fact there is I have several C-C double bonds. These C-C double bonds give me this stretch. Ok so that's the C-C double bond region. Now let's look at the C-O double bond region, do I see anything there? That's at roughly 1700 and indeed I do, I see 2 peaks in that region that means I have a carbonyl somewhere in my molecule and I do in fact I have 2.