Compound characterization infared spectroscopy background. In this webcast, we will discuss the theory behind infared spectroscopy. At the end of the introductin to spectroscopy webcast, we discuss how we need certain pieces of information in order to identify an unknown compound. This webcast will discuss infared spectroscopy, which will help us identify what functional groups are present in our molecule. Infared spectroscopy, as you may guess from the name, uses infared energy. In an infared, or IR for short, spectroscopy experiment, you have your IR source. That IR source erradiates your sample with a beam of IR light. An IR light is then absorbed by the covalent bonds present in your molecule. The instrument then detects how much of that original energy did not get absorbed. It then plots that data as an expression of cm-1. This unit is often called wavenumbers, although you may also hear it referred to as reciprocal centimeters or inverse centimeters. The IR spectrum that the instrument produces usually presents the output as % transmittance. In other words, it shows the data as a measure of how much energy was transmitted through the sample, how much energy was not absorbed. Occasionally, you may see spectra that use % absorbance instead. What does an IR spectrum look like? Here is the IR spectrum for asprin, acetylsalacitic asprin. Here on the x-axis we have wave number. Here on the y-axis we have % transmittance. And what we see here are a number of peaks in this spectrum. What do these peaks tell us? We see here that at the top of the y-axis is 100%. What that means is that if this line is close to the top, very little of that light was absorbed. That tells us that there are no bonds in our molecule that absorbed the light at this wave number. In contrast, if you look at these peaks here on the right, we see that the molecule absorbed a great deal of the IR energy at these wave numbers. Every single one of these peaks you see corresponds to some kind of bond in our molecule absorbing that light. You will see how this is useful to us as we proceed through this webcast. To begin, let us have a short discussion on covalent bonds. You can treat covalent bonds like a classical vibrating string. If your bond has a dipole moment, in other words, if your bond is polar and that dipole moment changes as your bond changes and contracts like a spring, it is what we call IR active. It will produce a peak in the spectrum. Where that peak appears in the spectrum depends on what wave number of light it absorbs. What wave number of light it absorbs primarily depends on two things: the mass of the atoms in the bond and the strength of the bond. Now let us talk a little bit more about what I mean when I say a change in dipole moment. Here I have a carbonyl, I have a carbon double bonded to an oxygen and you know that this bond is polar. In other words, it has a dipole moment, which we represent using the greek letter mew. Imagine taking that bond and stretching it like a spring. What happens is this dipole moment gets larger as you stretch the partial positive and partial negative charges away from each other, you get a larger dipole moment. In contrast, if we contract or compress our bond like a spring, we move those partial charges closer together, therefore resulting in a smaller dipole moment. As our bond stretches and contracts, we have a change in dipole moment. If we have a large change in dipole moment, a large delta mew, delta represents change, you would have a strong IR signal. That means we would see a large peak corresponding to this bond in the IR spectrum. It may be tempting to believe that every polar bond can be seen in an IR spectrum. That's not quite true. Here I have carbondioxide. Carbondioxide has a carbon oxygen double bond to the right and a carbon oxygen double bond to the left. These bonds are polar. Carbon is delta positive whereas the oxygens are delta negative. Now recall that being IR active means we see a change in dipole moment. If I take carbondioxide and I stretch the left oxygen, the same way I stretch the right oxygen, in other words if I use a symmetric stretch, do I see a change in dipole moment? No. These dipole moments would cancel each other out. Therefore, because we would see little or in this case, no change in dipole moment, we would not see an IR signal. This type of stretch is what we call IR inactive. 