Chemical shift ranges you can find in the same location. I don't expect you to memorize this entire table. Instead I expect you to memorize a set of important ranges, which you can see here. At the top I have included the general chemical shift ranges for proton NMR that we discussed in the proton NMR webcast. On the bottom we have the chemical shift ranges for Carbon 13 NMR that I expect you to memorize. You will notice that in contrast to the proton NMR ranges there are only three regions for a Carbon 13 NMR. Roughly from 0-90 ppm we have the aliphatic region where carbon is not near an electron withdrawing group (EWG) and carbons near electron withdrawing groups are located. From 90-170 ppm we have alkene carbons and aromatic carbons, and then beyond 170 ppm we have carbonyls. YYou will notice that the trend for Carbon 13 NMR is exactly the same as the trend for proton NMR, the key difference is the ppm value of the chemical shifts. Why are there fewer ranges in a carbon 13 NMR? This is because there is significantly more overlap in Carbon 13 NMR than there is in the proton NMR. In Carbon 13 NMR it is generally true that carbons near electron withdrawing groups will be farther downfield than carbons not near electron withdrawing groups. Similarly, in Carbon 13 NMR it is often true that carbon atoms in an aromatic ring will be farther downfield than carbon atoms in an alkene. However, these will not always be true. There is much more overlap in a Carbon 13 spectrum, so you have to be more careful using chemical shifting using Carbon 13 NMR than you would  interpreting a proton NMR. Using this new knowledge lets go ahead and assign the carbons in the structure of 1-propanol to the signals we see in this carbon 13 spectrum for 1-propanol. Look at the carbon furthest from the right circled in purple, now you see that that carbon is very close to this electron withdrawing alcohol. That means that this carbon should be very deshielded, therefore should be further downfield. That means this purple carbon should belong to this signal here. To further drive home the point that there is no splitting in a carbon spectrum I have zoomed in on this signal here. Even when zoomed in we see only one peak. There is no splitting in a Carbon 13 NMR spectrum. Now lets look at this next door carbon. That's close to the alcohol but not that close, therefore it should be some what downfield not very downfield. That carbon should belong to this signal here. Look at this last carbon circled in blue, that is the furthest away from the alcohol therefore it should be the most shielded, and therefore should appear furthest upfield, it belongs to that carbon. As you can see, analysis of carbon NMR is much simpler than proton NMR. There is no integration, and there is no splitting. All that is left is chemical shift analysis and the number of signal's analysis, and fortunately the trends for chemical shift in a Carbon 13 NMR spectrum are the same as the trends in chemical shift for a proton NMR spectrum. The values will be different, but the trends are the same where the most shielded is upfield and the least shielded is downfield. To recap this webcast, Carbon 13 NMR spectroscopy allows us to learn about the structure of a molecule, in this case we are learning about the carbon atoms. The number of signals in a Carbon 13 NMR spectrum tells us the number of equivalent sets of carbons and the chemical shift of those signals gives us information about what kinds of carbons are in the molecule and the presence of functional groups. The trends for chemical shift in a Carbon 13 NMR are the same as the trends in chemical shift for a proton NMR, more shielded more upfield, less shielded more downfield. However, there is much more overlap in the potential chemical shift ranges for particular carbons. For example, the range for alkene carbons and the range for aromatic carbons possess significant overlap, therefore it is harder to identify what types of carbons are present based on the chemical shift, although you could still narrow the possibilities. Now we are going to work through some example Carbon 13 NMR spectrum problems. Up until this point the NMR spectra you have seen have been what an Organic Chemist would call clean. That means the signals you saw corresponded only to the molecule you were analyzing. In reality NMR spectra are not always so clean. Common signals you might see in a NMR spectrum that don't belong to your molecule, are signals corresponding to the NMR solvent. For example, in proton NMR you will often see a signal corresponding to Chloroform at 7.2 ppm and/or a signal corresponding to TMS at 0.0 ppm. Some of you may be thinking "How can we see a Chloroform peak if we are using deuterated chloroform (CDCL3)?" Unfortunately in a bottle of deuterated chloroform not every molecule of chloroform is successfully deuterated, so there's always a little bit of CHCL3 as in impurity, which we see in the NMR spectrum. In Carbon 13 NMR the most common signal you see that doesn't belong to your molecule again belongs to chloroform, this time the carbon in chloroform, that usually appears at about 77 ppm and does so as a triplet. You'll see some examples of this in these example problems. Here we have a molecule of cyclopentanol, pause the video and predict how many signals in the Carbon 13 NMR we should see, and the chemical shifts of those signals. 