consider a situation where we have two protons, Hb and Hc, splitting proton a. now consider what would happen if Hb and Hc are different types of protons. what should we see for the signal for Ha? if Hb and Hc did not interfere with Ha, we would expect to see a singlet, one signal. of course, we know that's not true. we know that Hb and Hc will affect Ha somehow. on the previous slide, we were reminded of how when Hb interacts with Ha we should we a doublet.  now, what happens when we include Hc in this scenario? we know that, like Hb, Hc can either be aligned with the magnetic field of Ha or opposed to the magnetic field of Ha.  Therefore, we should see splitting similar to what Hb preformed.  well, we already have two peaks so, what should that splitting look like? you would see something that looks like this.  where each of these peaks resulting from Ha splitting with Hb are now split by Hc producing a pair of doublets or what we call a doublet of doublets.  an example that would cause this type of situation can be seen here in the middle. if you look at this green proton, you can call that Ha.  if this green proton is Ha, it is being split by this blue proton and this purple proton, which are not the same. Therefore, this green proton would show up as a doublet of doublets. If you look at 1-propanol, our example from the proton nmr webcast part one, we saw that we had different sets of equivalent hydrogens. yet, for these red protons here, we didn't see a complicated splitting pattern that resulted multiple j-values. why is that? this is because for most aliphatic protons, even if they are non equivalent such as the purple and the blue protons, the coupling constants are close enough that we don't see this type of splitting. therefore, the n+1 rule still works for simple aliphatic protons. how can you, the student, figure out whether to use the n+1 rule or to be on the lookout for multiple j-values? i will inform you if multiple j-values are present. for this course, you simply need to be aware that nonequivalent protons can give different coupling constants resulting in more complex splitting patterns. our last topic for this webcast will be on how we can use these j-values, these coupling constants, to tell us something about the structure of the molecule.  we already know that if signals have identical j-values, they have to be splitting each other. you can also use the numerical value of there coupling constants to tell us the orientation of some protons. if you look here in this blue box, we have two protons in various orientations.  these orientations are shown via newman projections. in a newman projection, we are looking  straight down a bond. this intersection here represents the front carbon we are looking down and the circle represents the second carbon of the bond we are looking down. the angle between these various bonds is called the dihedral angle. if you look at these two protons,  our dihedral angle is 180 degrees. if you look at the middle structure where we have simply rotated this proton to a new position, our new dihedral angle is 60 degrees. if i rotate this proton again, it is now at 0 degrees. the dihedral angle between protons is important because the dihedral angle determines the strength of the coupling. if you look at the table below, we see a number of protons at different orientations and the resulting coupling constants between those two protons. the greatest value of these coupling constants is if we know something about the structure of the molecule already. if you look at the bottom of this table, we have proton a and proton b on the same carbon of an alkene, on different carbons of the alkene but on opposite sides of the double bond, what we call trans, or on different carbons of the alkene but on the same side of the double bond, what we call cis. you see how each orientation has a different coupling constant value range. if we know we have two protons that are part of the same alkene, we can know whether they are on the same carbon , they are trans or they are cis simply by looking at which range their coupling constant falls into. do not memorize these values. if they are needed they will be provided to you but do know how to use them. to recap this webcast, the coupling constant or the j-value of a signal is a measurement of the strength of the interaction between two nuclei. this value is calculated using the distance between peaks in a proton nmr signal and the strength of the instrument used to generate those signals. j-values are reciprocal. two protons splitting each other must have the same j-value. it is possible for signals to have more than one j-value. this occurs when a proton is being split by two significantly different types of protons. and finally, the dihedral angle between protons on adjacent carbons determines the strength of a coupling value and you can use those values to try and identify the relative positions and orientations of the two protons.