Let's look at the blue protons. The blue protons are closer to the Oxygen than the red protons are. That  means the blue protons should be less shielded than the red protons. If the blue protons are less shielded they should appear further downfield. Which of these two unassigned signals is further downfield? The one on the left. Therefore this signal should correspond to the blue protons. In contrast, the red protons are farther away from this oxygen. That means the red protons are more shielded therefore they should appear further upfield. Which means, this signal further upfield belongs to the red protons, and we already know what signal the purple protons belong to we could use the same logic here. The purple protons are farthest away from the oxygen therefore they are the most shielded and should appear farthest upfield, and they do. If you go back and look at the table of general ranges that I expected you to memorize you'll see how these signals fit into those general ranges. One final topic before we finish this webcast. Spin-Spin Coupling. As you may have noticed signals in spectra often appear as multiple peaks. This signal on the left has 6-peaks. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 6...and the signal on the right has three peaks. The number of peaks that belong to each signal indicates a number of neighboring or adjacent hydrogen's. The number of peaks present is called the "multiplicity" of the signal. If you see 1-peak in a signal that is called a "singlet". If you see 2-peaks that is called a "doublet". When I ask for the multiplicity of a signal this is what I am asking for, how many peaks are present. What's the multiplicity of this signal? It has 1, 2, 3-peaks, therefore this would be called a "triplet". What about the signal on the left? There are 6-peaks therefore that would be called a "sextet". Before continuing one quick note on "multiplet". In this course your NMR Spectra should be what an Organic Chemist would call "clean". They will be easy to interpret. I would not expect to see many complex NMR signals that you would have to call multiplets because there are no clear pattern's. Where does this splitting come from? Why do signals appear as multiple peaks? It is because the magnetic field of a proton is affected by the magnetic fields of it's neighbors. For example, consider this molecule where we have proton A and proton B. If we consider proton A it has a magnetic field which points up, or points down. Proton B has a magnetic field which can also point up or point down. this means it can be aligned with A in other words pointing in the same direction or it can be aligned against A pointing in the opposite direction. Depending on which it is proton A is either more shielded or more deshielded. Think back to what we talked about when discussing the shielding effects of electron's. the magnetic field of spinning electron's cancelled out some of the magnetic field we apply because of the magnetic field of the electrons was opposite the applied magnetic field. it is the same thing here. If Hb points in the same direction it creates more shielding. If Hb points in the opposite direction it creates deshielding. Of course, this works both ways. If Hb effects or what we call "splits" Ha then Ha also has to effect or "split" Hb. What's the consequence of this? If Ha is all on it's own we would expect to see a signal with one peak. However, once we consider Hb we instead get two peaks. One of these peaks results from Hb increasing the shielding of Ha and one of these peaks results from Hb deshielding Ha. This is why we would see a doublet here. How close does a proton have to be to split another proton? Typically, although there are exceptions only vicinal protons, in other words, protons that are on adjacent carbons will split each other. Here Ha and Hb are vicinal. They are on adjacent carbons therefore they split each other. As you might expect, Labile protons tend to not follow this rule. Usually Labile protons do not cause splitting and are not split themselves, even if they are vicinal to other protons. 