compound characterization. infrared spectroscopy characteristic stretches. this is the slide we used to end the previous webcast on the background to infrared spectroscopy. in that webcast we discussed how we could use IR spectroscopy to identify functional groups within a molecule because certain bonds absorb certain wavenumbers of light. you can see a small subset of that here in this yellow box. of course organic molecules can contain many other types of bonds other than what's listed in this box. in this webcast we will talk about common bonds you find in organic molecules and the typical absorbances you can expect to find them at. this slide contains an image and a number of tables. if you own a chem 233 lab notebook, you can find this image and these tables on the cover of you lab notebook. if you do not own a chem 233 notebook, you can find a copy of these tables on the compass 2g course website. what do we have here. up top we have what is being called a generic infrared spectrum. by generic, all it means is that it is showing common types of absorbances that you can find in an infrared spectrum. up to this point you have heard me refer to each of these peaks as absorbances or signals. another way to refer to these is using the word stretches. remember these peaks result from bonds stretching as a result of absorbing certain wavenumbers of light. how does this image correlate to the tables down below? this image is divided into a number of different regions based on letter. a, b, c, d and so on. each letter corresponds to a particular type of stretch. for example, the letter A corresponds to O-H and N-H stretches. this is the first thing you should get from this slide. different bonds can have absorbances that appear in the same region, they can overlap. as we can see O-H bonds and N-H bonds overlap quite a bit. if that's true, how can you say whether a stretch in this area belongs to an O-H bond or an N-H bond. well to do that you're gonna need different information, we will talk about that information in future webcasts. the second thing you should get from this slide is that stretches don't appear at a particular wavelength. they appear in a range. if we look again at the O-H stretch, it doesn't appear just at 3,400 wavenumbers, it's anywhere between 3,200 wavenumbers and 3,600 wavenumbers. similarly, if we look at the F-region, which corresponds to carbonyl stretches, we see that they can appear anywhere between 1,650 wavenumbers to 1,785 wavenumbers, depending on the type of carbonyl. does the fact that the stretch shouldn't appear at different wavenumbers tell us something about the type of functional group? it actually can and we will talk about that with relation to carbonyls later in this webcast. now, this slide contains a ton of information. do I expect you to memorize every single box on this table? no. what i expect you to memorize is the general ranges for the most important of these stretches. lets talk about those stretches here. on this slide I have an empty infrared spectrum and what we're gonna do is fill it in piece by piece with the most common stretches that you might see in an infrared spectrum. The first piece we are going to look at is from 1500 to lower wavenumbers. this particular region is called the fingerprint region. the fingerprint region tends to be very crowded. many different types of absorbances appear in this region. this region is often very difficult to interpret correctly. as a result whenever you are interpreting an infrared spectrum i strongly recommend that you do not attempt to interpret the fingerprint region. the reason we call this the fingerprint is because it is characteristic of a particular compound. because it is so complex it acts as a fingerprint for a particular compound and we can use it to identify it. the next region to identify is at approximately 1,650 wavenumbers. in this region we see carbon-carbon double bonds. now note that this is approximate. carbon-carbon double bonds can appear above 1650 they can appear below 1650, but they will always appear somewhere in this area. the next region to be on the lookout for is at approximately 1700 wavenumbers. this region we see carbonyls. again, carbonyl stretches might be above 1700 they might be below 1700 but they should be somewhere in the area. the next region to look at is around 2200 wavenumbers.