Compound Characterization: Infrared Spectroscopy Example Spectra. In this webcast, I'll be showing you a number of IR Spectra. The purpose of this webcast is to demonstrate how even small changes in the structure of a compound can have large consequences in the associated IR spectra. You will see how stretches that we discussed in the previous webcast actually look like in a real IR spectra. Here we have two molecules. Hexane and 1-hexene. Hexane contains many sp3 hybridized carbons connected to the Hydrogens. And as we can see at below 3000 we see stretches that correspond to the sp3 hybridized carbons attached to H. We compare hexane to 1-hexene we still have many sp3 hybridized carbons attached to H and we still see stretches below 3000 that corresponds to that. We also have however sp2 hybridized carbons attached to H. those should appear above 3000. and in fact we do see stretches above 3000 that correspond to those sp2 hybridized carbons attached to H. We continue on and compare 1 hexene and 1 hexyne which as an alkyne we see that we have an sp hybridized carbons attached to a H. That should show up at roughly 3300 wavenumber and indeed we see that int he IR spectra. We see this stretch which corresponds to the sp hybridized carbon attached to a H. Now lets compare for 1 hexyne to 2 hexyne. Both have alkynes, but are different in a key way. Notice how 1 Hexyne has an sp hybridized carbons attached to a H which is why we see this stretch in 3300 wavenumber area. 2 hexyne does not have that bond. The carbons in 2 hexyne are both bonded to carbons. There is no sp hybridized attached to a H. That is why this signal here is not present in 2 hexyne. If you look at roughly 2200 we see a stretch here. That is the C-C triple bond stretch. You see that same stretch down below. Notice however that the stretch for 2 hexyne is much weaker than the stretch for 1 hexyne. This is because the alkyne in 2 hexyne is more symmetric, has a much smaller change in dipole moment than 1 hexyne therefore we have a correspondingly smaller signal in the IR spectra. Now I'll start adding non carbon function groups. On top we have hexane once again and down below we have hexanol. Hexanol has an alcohol as an O-H bond. Notice how this is a very obvious consequence. The IR for 1-hexanol has a very strong, very broad stretch in the 3400 wavenumber area. If we change that alcohol to an amine in this case a primary amine we see a stretch in the same area but its much smaller than the alcohol stretch and it also has a different shape. We see that there are two peaks to this stretch. This is how you can distinguish an O-H from an N-H using IR spectroscopy even though they appear in the same place. An O-H is very large, very broad, where an N-H tends to be much smaller. A primary amine tends to have two peaks. Secondary tend to have one peak. Now lets compare a hexanol to a hexanal. We've gone from an alcohol and O-H to a carbonyl. As you can see, the O-H stretch has disappeared in hexanal because there is no O-H present. However, we now have a new stretch at 1700 wave numbers. This new stretch corresponds to the carbonyl. As you can see it is quite strong which is characteristic of carbonyl stretches. Compare hexanal to hexanone, we go from an aldehyde to a ketone. Let's look at these carbonyl structures. These are incredibly similar. Theres no way you can distinguish this aldehyde to a ketone based on the carbonyl strips. this is why i emphasized in the previous webcast how you cannot use the carbonyl location stretch to determine which carbonyl is present. You can however use a different stretch we would say that not talk about it earlier because it sometimes shows up but sometimes doesn't but it can be useful. if you look at the structure for hexanal we have a unique C-H structure. This H attached to Carbonyl Carbon, that bond is special. That shows up in a particular location in a particular shape which we can see here. This is often called the Fermi doublet. Again, it doesn't always show up and even if it does it might be covered up by other stretches. Don't rely on this  on this appearing. however if this does appear, this fermi doublet is characteristic of an aldehyde. See how we see those stretches here but not in the ketone. 