Previously we discussed what proton NMR is, and what it does for us in terms of determining the structure of molecules. This slide summarizes the information NMR can provide us. When discussing proton NMR we use the proton NMR for 1-propanol which can be seen here to demonstrate these ideas. Carbon 13 NMR provides some of the same information to us but for carbons instead. Carbon 13 NMR tells us the number of unique sets of carbons in the molecule via the number of singles in the spectrum, very similar to proton NMR, and finally it gives us some information about what kinds of carbons are in the molecule and  the presence of functional groups via chemical shift. On this slide we see the Carbon 13 spectrum of 1-propanol. As you can see this is similar to a proton NMR spectrum where we have distinct signals, and these signals are present at different chemical shifts. You may also have noticed some differences, for example, there is no splitting in these signals. We are now going to discuss how proton and Carbon 13 NMR are similar and how are they different. Like a proton, Carbon 13 has a nuclei spin of 1/2, as a result we can see Carbon 13 nuclei in an NMR spectrum. unlike protons where most protons are H1 the NMR active nuclei of Carbon 13 is not the most abundant isotope. In fact, less than 1 percent of all carbon is Carbon 13. the consequence of having little Carbon 13 is we get weaker signals during an experiment. As a result, Carbon 13 experiments often require more time to get data of quality similar to a proton NMR. Fortunately for us Carbon 13 resonates, or absorbs energy at a different frequency than protons do. This means that a proton NMR tells us only about protons and carbon NMR tells us only about carbons. Like in proton NMR the number of signals in a Carbon 13 NMR tells us how many sets of equivalent carbons are present. However, because Carbon 13 is not very abundant the integration of a Carbon 13 signal is unreliable, it can be done, but it is often not done. Like in proton NMR where the presence of functional groups effect the chemical shifts of nearby protons, in Carbon 13 NMR the presence of nearby functional groups will effect the chemical shift of carbon signals. One caveat to remember however, in a proton NMR your general ppm range for chemical shift is from 0-14 in a carbon NMR your chemical shift range is much higher 0-220. Finally Carbon 13 experiments are designed to decouple Carbon 13 nuclei from proton nuclei. Because both of these nuclei have the same spin quantum number they could split each other. A Carbon 13 experiment is designed to decouple the two nuclei, or in other words prevent them from splitting them from splitting each other. The practical consequence of this is that in a Carbon 13 NMR you do not see any multiplicity, which means you see no coupling constants. This explains why we don't see coupling between protons and carbons. What about coupling between Carbon 13 atoms and other Carbon 13 atoms? Answer is that we would except the abundance of Carbon 13 is quite low. the odds of two Carbon 13 atoms being next to each other in a molecule is quite low, as a result we do not see Carbon 13 atoms splitting adjacent Carbon 13 atoms. The take home message here is that in a Carbon 13 NMR the only pieces of information you are concerned about pulling out of it is the number of sets of equivalent carbons and the chemical shift of the singles in your NMR spectrum. The number of sets of NMR carbons are determined the same way that is was done in proton NMR. If you can take a bond a rotate it to swap carbons to get the same molecule back those carbons are equivalent. Similarly, if you take a molecule and you can flip it and get the same structure back because of molecular symmetry those carbons are also equivalent. Each signal corresponds to a set of equivalent carbons. The chemical shift of carbon signals follows similar trends that you saw in proton NMR. Let's show that now. 