This waste must be disposed of properly. Different kinds of waste need to go into different kinds of containers. You can read about what kind of wastes go into each waste container in your lab manual. Inappropriate mixing of waste streams or in other words, different types of waste is a safety hazard. If you don't know where your waste should go, don't be afraid to simply ask you TA. Remember they are there primarily for your safety and they'll be happy to tell you into which waste bucket to place your waste. If TAs see you disposing of waste in an improper container, they will deduct points from your experimental score. It is better to ask than it is to lose points. At the end of every experiment, you and everyone else in your section must ensure that your lab is clean. There are portions of the lab such as the weighing  balances and the waste disposal areas and so on that don't belong to any one person and as a  result tend to  get messy fairly quickly. These community areas do belong to all of you and so all of you are responsible for ensuring that these areas are clean and organized. To reflex this, your TA will grade the cleanliness of your lab after every experiment. These lab cleanliness points will be the same for everyone in the section. Before you leave, be sure that all community areas have been cleaned appropriately. The rubric that will be used to assign your lab cleanliness grade can be found on the course website. As mentioned throughout this webcast, there are many penalties that can be given if you do not abide by the safety rules. In addition to the situations we have described in this webcast so far, your lab notebook experimental score can be reduced as a result of other safety infractions. A sample can be found in the course syllabus. Each infraction will reduce your lab score by 10 points, up to a maximum of 20 points per lab. If you continue to commit infractions even after losing 20 points, you will be dismissed from the lab and forfeit all lab points associated with that experiment. To get you up to speed at the start of the course, there will be a lab check in. Lab check in is mandatory. Any student failing to attend the lab check in and safety orientation will receive a failing grade for the course. Lab check in is where you will meet your TA, be assigned a lab drawer, and locate important safety equipment inside the laboratories. If you know what you will be unable to attend check- in you must give prior notice to the instructor with proper documentation of an excused absence to avoid an automatic failing grade. Check in procedure can be found in your lab manual. During lab check in you will locate safety equipment is so that you will know where they are and how to use them. That brings us to the end of this webcast. Remember above all else, in this course, safety is a priority. Ensure you listen to your TA, keep and eye on each other, and exercise good common sense. 