Compound Characterization: Mass Spectroscopy. At the end of the introduction to spectroscopy webcast which you viewed last week, we discussed what kinds of information we need in order to identify an unknown compound such as the mysterious white powder in that webcast. To identify an unknown compound, we need to know what atoms make up that compound, what building blocks are available to us and it would be helpful to us to know any functional groups common in combination to the atoms that are present in that molecule. Once we have that information, we can then begin trying to see of we can figure out how all those pieces are connected in order to identify the structure of our unknown compound. In order to gain that information and to answer these questions, we use spectroscopy. Today, we are going to see how mass spectroscopy allows us to answer this first question: What atoms make up our mysterious compound? Using modern techniques, mass spectroscopy allows us to determine the molecular weight of our mysterious compound. On the right side of the screen here we have a general schematic of a mass spectroscopy instrument. How a mass spectroscopy experiment works is that you take your analyte to the compound your are analyzing and you convert it into ions here in the ion source. You take your sample, you inject it into the instrument and the instrument converts it into ions. These ions are then sent into an area containing magnets. These magnets then filter these ions. How do magnets separate ions? Magnets generate a magnetic field. These ions are not magnetic. So what is happening here? Remember from physics that when you have a magnetic field, you also have an electric field. Using these magnets, we can create a magnetic field which creates an electric field which allows us to filter out the ions we want. This filtering process separates ions based on their mass to charge ratio which on this screen is designated by m/q where m is the ion mass  and q is ion charge. There are a few other letters which can be used to signify the ion charge. In this presentation, you might see e used to represent ion charge. You also might see the letter z used to represent the ion charge. These three letters: q, e, and z all mean the same thing. The instrument can then tells us what mass to charge ratios are present using a detector. We then look what kinds of ions remain in our sample. You do not need to memorize this schematic. You do not need to know all the pieces of the mass spectrometer. You simply need to know the basic components. You have an ion source that makes ions. These ions are then sent to an area containing magnets. These magnets then sort, separate, filter out the different kinds of ions and they do so by using the mass to charge ratio. If our detector detects a particular mass to charge ratio, it lets us know via the spectra output. There are two general methods to turn our sample into ions. The first way is to use what is called the hard ionization. Electron ionization is an example of a hard ionization process. Hard ionization deliberately fragments our molecule using force. In the case of an electron ionization process, we take electrons and we shoot them at our molecule. These electrons hit our molecule and break it into many pieces. Based on what fragments our detector sees, we can then learn what pieces are present in our molecule and try to put it together. 