Now that we understand where splitting comes from, how do we know how many peaks a signal should appear as? To make this prediction, you use the n+1 rule. If hydrogen A has some number of neighboring equivalent hydrogens, which we're going to designate by n, the number of peaks in a signal is n+1. For example, if there are no neighbors, then i will see only one peak in my signal, a singlet. If i have one neighbor, like i saw on the previous slide, i should see two peaks, a doublet, where one plus one is two. You can use this equation in reverse as well.  If i have a quartet, four peaks, i know that the protons in that signal must have three neighbors. Lets see if the n+1 rule matches what we see in the spectrum for 1-propanol. Lets look at the purple protons first. How many neighbors do the purple protons have? Well, lets look at the vicinal carbon, the next door carbon. how many protons are attached to this carbon? One, two.  the n+1 rule says there should be two plus one peaks, three total. does the signal corresponding to the purple protons show up as a triplet? yes it does. now lets look at the red protons. how many neighbors do the red protons have? well, we have to look to all vicinal carbons. there's a vicinal carbon to the left and a vicinal carbon to the right.  so we have to count all of those protons on those carbons. we have one two three four five. so the n+1 rule says i should see five plus one, six peaks, a sextet. Does the signal corresponding to the red protons show up as a sextet? yes it does.  now lets look at the blue protons.  i have a vicinal carbon to the left which has two protons. what about this proton to the right? does that split our blue protons as well? no because this is a labile proton. labile protons do not cause splitting. that means the blue protons have only two neighbors, which means i should see a triplet. Do they show up as a triplet? yes they do. one final note. notice how the labile proton shows up only as a singlet because it is not split by any adjacent protons. to recap what we have discussed in this webcast, proton nmr spectroscopy allows us to learn a great deal about the structure if a molecule. the numbers of signals we see tells us the number of different kinds of protons present in the molecule. the integration of each signal tells us the number of protons that contribute to that signal. the chemical shift of the signals gives us information about what kind of protons are present. and finally, splitting provides information about the number of adjacent protons.  