This has to do with the concept called shielding. A nucleus with more electron density is what we call shielded. And shielded signals appear upfield. What do we mean by shielded? We'll talk about what shielded means on the next slide. In contrast. A nucleus with less electron density is deshielded, and will therefore appear down-field. Lets look at 1-propanol here on the left. Lets consider this proton here in blue. Is this proton shielded or deshielded? Remember if you are shielded you have more electron density. How much electron density does this proton have? Notice that it is quite close to this oxygen. Oxygen is electronegative. That means oxygen will pull electron density towards it. It is what we call an electron withdrawing group. That means this proton is losing electron density. This proton is deshielded. Lets go next door to this proton. Is this shielded or deshielded? The oxygen is pulling electron density from this proton in the middle. However, because this proton is farther away it is not losing as much electron density. As a result, it is more shielded than the first proton. But still it is slightly deshielded. This is all about comparisons here. Let's look at this final proton on the left. Is this shielded or deshielded? This proton is very far away from this electronegative oxygen. Therefore, if this proton is losing electron density, it is losing only a very small amount of it. Therefore, this proton on the left is the most shielded of all of these. Because this proton on the left is most shielded, it will appear furthest upfield. Because this proton on the right is the most deshielded, it will appear the furthest downfield. What about this proton that is part of the alcohol? It's directly attached to that oxygen. Doesn't that mean it should appear farthest downfield of all of these? This proton is attached to an oxygen. Therefore it is a labile proton. And labile protons tend to not follow all the rules that other protons do. This labile proton can appear in a large range on the NMR spectrum. And it's very difficult to predict where it will appear exactly. In the NMR spectrum for 1-propanol, you've seen that signals have appeared at particular values on the x-axis. Where do those values come from? They result from a comparison to a standard. Remember how we standardized NMR spectra by using ppm as our unit for chemical shift. To decide whether a signals appears at 3 ppm or 9 ppm or 1 ppm, we make another comparison. Tetramethylsilane, or TMS for short, is a universal NMR standard. The hydrogen atoms in TMS are very shielded. As a result, most protons signals in an NMR spectrum will appear down-field of TMS. So what we do to make NMR spectroscopy analysis easier is make the signals in TMS equal to zero and compare everything to that. If you see an NMR signal at 1 ppm, that means that signal is 1 ppm down-field of TMS. What causes this shielding effect? Why does the presence of electron density affect the chemical shift of our signals? In this diagram, I have a nuclei here as shown by this arrow and the electron density around this nuclei is represented by this blue sphere. Remember that electrons are charged, and that these electrons are spinning. Because electrons are charged and spinning, they generate a magnetic field. It turns out, the magnetic field generated by the spinning electrons shown here by the green arrow, is pointed in the opposite direction of the magnetic field we apply in an NMR experiment. Because the magnetic field applied by the electrons is in the opposite direction of the applied magnetic field, it cancels out some of the applied magnetic field. And makes the applied magnetic field weaker. This means that the nuclei feels less of the magnetic field. It is shielded from the applied magnetic field. Therefore, it appears upfield in an NMR spectrum. In contrast, if I had little electron density, I would have a smaller electron magnetic field, which would cancel out less of the applied magnetic field. That means nuclei will be less shielded and would appear down-field. This explains why hydrogen atoms near electron withdrawing groups are further down-field than hydrogens not near electron withdrawing groups. However, if you recall the general chemical shift tables from a while back, you know that alkenes and aromatic protons are even further downfield. Yet those don't have any electron withdrawing groups. This has to do with an idea called anisotropy. We will not discuss anisotropy in this course. Simply know that it exists and explains why hydrogen atoms are part of alkenes and aromatic rings appear farther down-field than hydrogen atoms near electron withdrawing groups. How can we use chemical shift to our advantage? Previously, we had assigned several of our sets of protons, we know that the purple protons belong to this signal on the right.