Hello there.  In this Fundamentals webcast, you will be discussing molecular polarity.  This is a topic you have heard previously in general chemistry.  We're going to use the same ideas that you learned in general chemistry, only now we're going to apply them to organic molecules.  To start that conversation, let us discuss electronegativity.  Recall from general chemistry how electronegativity is a measure of how strongly an atom attracts the electrons in a covalent bond towards itself.  How do we know which atom the electrons will prefer?  How do we know which atom the electrons will be pulled towards?  We have to look at the electronegativity values.  Here on the right, I have a table of electronegativity values.  The higher the value, the more electronegative the atom is.  As you can see, all these elements have a value.  That means they all try to pull electrons towards themselves.  They are competing with the other atom in the bond.  For example, let's look at a C-H bond.  We see that carbon has an electronegativity value of 2.5 and we see that hydrogen has an electronegativity value of 2.1--a value of 2.5 is greater than 2.1, therefore the electrons are pulled towards the carbon atom in a carbon-hydrogen bond.  There is an electronegativity difference.  In this case there is a difference of 0.4 units.  Let's do this same analysis for a carbon-carbon bond.  Carbon has an electronegativity value of 2.5, carbon has an electronegativity value of 2.5, therefore there is zero difference in electronegativity values.  Do the same thing for a carbon-nitrogen bond.  Carbon is 2.5 and nitrogen is 3.0, therefore our difference is 0.5, And because nitrogen has the higher value, the electrons move towards the nitrogen.  Now look at hydrogen and oxygen, hydrogen is 2.1 as we know, oxygen is 3.5, therefore you have a difference of 1.4, and because oxygen is higher in electronegativity value the electrons move towards the oxygen.  In other words, these bonds are polar.  If there is a difference in the electronegativity value, as we can see, the electrons prefer to spend more time around one of the atoms in the bond, and the atom they prefer to spend more time on, is the more electronegative atom.  And we show this via these partial charges, these delta pluses and delta minuses, which hopefully you recall.  If electrons spend more time around one of the atoms in a bond, that atom is overall more negatively charged.  So on this slide, we have three polar bonds and one nonpolar bond.  But now we get to a caveat.  If I have a very small difference in electronegativity, that bond is polar but it's not that polar and, in fact, it's probably pretty similar to a nonpolar bond.  So what's that cut-off?  At what point, at what difference in electronegativity do we say "Okay, this bond is now polar enough to be considered polar."  That difference is usually listed as 0.4--so if you look at our electronegativity difference values, this is a difference of zero, therefore a carbon-carbon bond is nonpolar.  If you look at a carbon-hydrogen bond, that difference is 0.4-- that is not above the threshold I just told you, of 0.4--therefore, while a C-H bond is slightly polar, it is not polar enough for us to consider it polar.  So a C-H bond is also nonpolar.  In contrast, if you look at the C-N and O-H bonds down below, we have a difference of 0.5-- that is above 0.4, therefore a C-N bond is polar.  If we look at the hydrogen-oxygen bond, that is a difference of 1.4--therefore, that bond is also polar.  In this course, it will be important for you to be able to determine what bonds in a molecule are polar.  Does that mean you need to memorize this table?  And do these calculations in order to identify what bonds are considered polar, and what bonds are considered nonpolar?  The answer is no, and you might have already figured out how to make that distinction without doing any of these calculations. You see on this slide how a carbon-carbon and a carbon-hydrogen bond are considered nonpolar.  But whenever you connect a carbon to a heteroatom, or a hydrogen to a heteroatom, those bonds are polar, and that is the distinction you need to be able to make.