We name nuclei aligning in the same direction as the magnetic field as alpha spins, whereas we name nuclei aligning in the opposite direction as the magnetic field as beta spins. The reason that we see more alpha spins than beta spins has to do with energy. On the right, we see a graph where as we go from left to right along the x-axis, the strength of our magnetic field, measured in a unit called Tesla, increases. On the y-axis, we have energy where you go from the bottom to the top of the graph, we increase in energy. These black lines you see correspond to the energy of alpha spins and beta spins, where the beta spin is the top line and the alpha spin is the bottom line. You can see that the moment we apply a magnetic field, the alpha spins and the beta spins no longer have the same energy. Beta spins increase in energy whereas alpha spins decrease in energy. The reason that most nuclei are alpha spins is because alpha spin nuclei are lower in energy. One more piece of information before we continue. Notice how the distance between the alpha spin energy and the beta spin energy increases as the strength of the magnetic field increases from left to right. This increasing difference in energy becomes very important when we talk about the quality of our NMR spectrum, which you will discuss late in this webcast. Now let us discuss how an NMR experiment actually works. At this point, we have taken our sample of nuclei and placed them into a magnetic field where they have aligned themselves in the same direction or in the opposite direction of the magnetic field. Remember that alpha spin nuclei are lower in energy than beta spin nuclei. What happens next is we treat these nuclei with radio wave energy. Which I am representing here as B1. The nuclei then absorb the energy and now all nuclei become beta spin. Our nuclei have absorbed the energy given by the radio waves in B1 causing them to what we call spin flip. To think about this graphically, let's look down below. If I have an alpha spin nuclei and it absorbs energy, it goes from the alpha spin to a beta spin. This is the first half of an NMR experiment. You have a sample of nuclei in a magnetic field. You then expose those nuclei to radio waves, causing the nuclei to flip their spins. The second half on an NMR experiment is simply waiting for your spin flipped nuclei to relax back to their original alpha spins. These spin flipped nuclei are now higher in energy but they don't want to be higher in energy so what they do is they relax, they release that excess energy to return to the alpha spin state. This energy they release is detected by the instrument and used to make the spectrum that we get as a result of an NMR experiment. It is the energy that is released that we measure. The amount of energy released depends on the magnetic field strength of the instrument. Recall the graph from the previous slide that showed how the difference between the beta and alpha spin energy grew larger as the instrument used a higher magnetic field. A consequence of that energy difference is that when the nuclei relax from the beta to the alpha spin state, they release more energy. Which gives us better quality data. The data we receive comes in this format. This is what is called a free induction decay for FID for short. An FID is shown as a time domain. What does that mean? This graph here shows how the signal we measure in an NMR experiment changes over time. Data in this form is very difficult to interpret. Fortunately, what we can do is use what is called a fourier transform. A fourier transform is a mathematical operation that turns one complex function into another. In this case, we are taking a graph that measures over time into a graph that measures over frequency. This frequency domain is the spectrum we see at the end of an NMR experiment. You can see how weve gone from a series of blobs on the left to a series of clear defined signals here on the right. Now that we understand how NMR works, what can it do for us? As you might imagine from the definition of an organic molecule, which we know are molecules made primarily of carbon and hydrogen atoms, organic compounds tend to contain many hydrogen atoms. Since hydrogen atoms are NMR active, we can observe how they interact with energy in an NMR spectrometer, allowing us to learn something about those hydrogen atoms. We will begin talking about what we can learn using NMR spectroscopy in the next webcast. 