Degrees of Unsaturation before we begin solving our first full spectroscopy problem we need one more tool in our toolbox. The degrees of unsaturation of a compound is a very quick piece of information to learn about a molecule but also very important. In order to fill octets, a molecule must possess certain ratios of carbons, hydrogens, and heteroatoms. Different ratios of these atoms will result from the presence or absence of pi-bonds and/or rings. The degrees of unsaturation of a molecule will tell us how many pi-bonds or rings are present in the molecule. To calculate your degrees of unsaturation you take the number of carbons in your molecule and multiply that by 2. You then add 2 to that value, and then you subtract the number of hydrogens in your molecule, add the number of nitrogen atoms in your molecule, and then subtract the number of halogens in your molecule, for x here stands for halogens, you then take all of that and divide it by 2. A simple mathematical process but an important one. Do not memorize this equation if you need it it will be provided to you. Every degree of unsaturation corresponds to a multiple bond, a pi-bond, OR a ring. Remember that a double bond is one pi-bond therefore a double bond would correspond to one degree of unsaturation. A triple bond contains 2 pi-bonds therefore it will contribute 2 degrees of unsaturation. Now that we know what the degrees of unsaturation of a molecule is, let's get some practicing calculating it. On this slide is provided for you the molecular formula for some molecule, pause the video and take a few minutes to calculate the degrees of unsaturation for this molecule. Welcome back, let's see how you did. we know that the degrees of unsaturation for a molecules calculated by taking the number of carbon atoms in your molecule and multiplying it by 2, adding to it the value of 2, subtracting the number of hydrogen atoms in the molecule, adding the number of nitrogen atoms in the molecules, and then subtracting the number of halogen atoms. For Halogens are fluorine, chlorine, bromine and iodide, and taking all of that and dividing it by 2. We plug in the values from our molecular formula. We have 2 times the number 4, which is the number of carbons, +2 , minus the number of hydrogen atoms which is 6, plus the number of nitrogen atoms which is 1, minus the number of halogen atoms which in this case is also 1, because we have 1 chlorine atom in our molecule, take this and divide it by 2. We do some arithmetic, and we find, that this producing down to 4/2, which is equal to the value of 2. So this molecule, whatever it is has 2 degrees of unsaturation, what does that mean? That means we have either, 2 pi-bonds OR 2 rings OR 1 pi-bond and 1 ring. How do we know which scenario is the correct one? From just the degrees of unsaturation we don't, we have to use other spectroscopic information to help guide us there. But as a starting point this was an incredibly easy value to calculate and it give us a great deal of information. If we were trying to solve the structure of this unknown molecule our final structure must fit one of these three possibilities 2 pi-bonds or 2 rings or 1 pi-bond plus 1 ring it cannot be anything else. That brings us to the end of this webcast, to recap the degrees of unsaturation for a molecule tells you the number of pi-bonds and/or rings located in that molecule. To calculate the degrees of unsaturation for a molecule you have to know the molecular formula, either I have to give it to you or I give you a way to figure it out.