Solving spectroscopy problems. This webcast will hopefully give you some insight info how to take different types of spectra and use that spectra to determine the structure of an unknown compound. you start by first organizing your data. this means making use of tables. you'll be dealing with different types of spectra that give you different types of information and being able to organize the data in a way that makes sense will be crucial to success. Once you have the data organized and you begin interpreting it you must remember that each piece of your data must be consistant with all the other data at your disposal. for example, if you see a carbonyl stretch in your infrared spectrum, you must also see carbonyl signal in your carbon thirteen spectrum. remember solving spectroscopy problems is very much diagnosing a medical  condition. you are taking the spare pieces of information and must come to a conclusion that is consistant will all those pieces of information. fortunately, some of the data you collect will be redundant. what this means is often there is no one correct way to solve a spectroscopy problem. it is entirely possible you could come to the same conclusion as the person next to you using a different logical route where both routes are equally valid. in a typical spectroscopy problem, you will be provided the molecular formula for the unknown molecule, in this case c5h10o, and a series of spectra. in this case, i have an ir spectra in the upper left, a 13C spectra in the upper right, and a proton nmr spectra at the bottom. this particular problem does not include a mass spectrum but you can imagine also being given mass spectra to interpret as well. this one slide contains a huge amount of information. so how do you begin trying to interpret these spectra and come up with an unknown structure? well you don't look at all of it all at once. to start with, lets look at the molecular formula and the infrared spectrum. the molecular formula allows us to calculate the degrees of unsaturation for the compound. lets remember that degrees of unsaturation is equal to two times the number of carbons plus two minus the number of hydrogens plus the number of nitrogen atoms minus the number of halogen atoms all over two. if we plug in out values, we see that we have two times five plus two minus ten all over two because we have no nitrogen atoms and we have no halogen atoms. do some arithmetic, we see that we have two over two or one degree of unsaturation. that means that we have one pi bond or one ring. now let us begin interpreting the ir spectrum. let us go through the regions in the ir spectrum as you were taught in the ir spectroscopy webcast. first, we know that anything in the fingerprint region is not to be interpreted so you can ignore everything on the right side there. now we start going to higher wave numbers. as we go from right to left, the first region we would encounter would be the carbon carbon double bond region, around 1650 wave numbers. do we see any stretches around 1650? no we don't so we do not have any carbon-carbon double bonds. the next region is for carbonyls at around 1700 wave numbers. do we see a stretch at around 1700 wave numbers? indeed we do. we have a carbonyl stretch at around 1700 wave numbers. lets start by making a table where the left side is the type of bond and the right side is the wave number. lets begin organizing our information. the next region would be at roughly 2200 which is where we would find any carbon-carbon triple bonds. do i see any carbon-carbon triple bond stretches? no i don't so we probably don't have a carbon-carbon triple bond. now lets look at 3000 wave numbers. at 3000 we would see c-h stretches. do we see any stretches here? yes we do. if i draw a line from 3000 we see that all of my c-h stretches are below 3000. therefore all of my c-h bonds in this molecule have carbons that are sp3 hybridized. 