So you can't just create an executable right, the only function that you can execute in C++ is main function. So if you don't have main function compiler will just not know where to start. So you cannot ever compile your files unless there is at least one main function. So I am going to write again a very minimal main function, and tell me what you like or not like about it. Are there any questions? It returns nothing, and I declared that it is supposed to return integer. So by convention main functions are supposed to return integer, and in this case my program will compile. Some compilers will not complain about you not returning an integer, and some wood. So it's better, it's good style to return a 0 at the end of your main function. In the middle you will have some kind of lines of code to be executed, and we have bare minimum main function. So we don't do anything, we just return 0 to indicated to the compiler or to the system that the program has finished execution successfully. So it runs through all the steps, returns 0. 0 indicates a successful execution. By convention  main functions return integer, and 0 is the indication of a successful execution. If your program would not return successfully it would probably stop in one of the lines in the body of the main function, and the return value would be be associated with whatever went wrong, and it wouldn't be 0. And you could actually from that value even find out what the problem was. Does that make sense? Now I should be fine, right? It should run, I should compile it. I probably didn't save it, sorry. Let's see. Yeah. Okay, so. Let me save my program. This is successful compilation, there is no error messages whatsoever, and there should be an executable file waiting for me. Let me see if I have it, and yes I do, a.exe, is the executable file produced by the compiler. So let's finish my slide, so after compile checks for syntax and creates an executable it names it by the default by whatever that compiler does, so mine named it a.exe, sometimes it is a.out. If you don't specifically give a flag to your compiler to your compiler comment to name the executable, you will get the default name, okay and in my case it is a.exe. Now I'm going to run it, okay, I'm going to run it. To run an executable you have to press ./thename of your executable which is a.exe in my case. I'm going to do that, what do you think is going to happen. What do you think it is going to do? Nothing, nothing happens. Okay, so that's it, that is what we expected, but it successfully executed nothing. Um, wait wait, it's not, we still have three minutes, and I still have one slide. Okay, um, fine, so where are we? Our class didn't have really anything interesting associated with it, so we are going to start building the class sphere over the next lectures yeah? I've been using g++ on my laptop because I'm using cygwin and it is easier to install g++, but in your labs you will be using clang