Okay I have some announcements. Welcome to the class. I think we might have some extra students today from previous lecture. So we had first lecture cancelled today so because of that around 400 or 450 students have opportunity to submit their homework. So because of that we are extending the homework submission till next lecture. So homework hard copy will be due Wednesday (01/27). And electronic copy will be also due on Wednesday by midnight.  Okay? Also, the same applies to if you are not registered just bring your hardcopy of the homework with your UIN on it so that we have you and it may be even 100 students that will given override okay so if you submit you have a chance. okay and MP 1 is still due tomorrow midnight. So please submit that. By now I assume you have, you know the drill how to get help if you needed that is you know how to go to piazza and post questions and easy debugging questions can be answered by our staff via piazza. However you want somebody to look at your code more carefully, you can go and see our TAs in person in office hour. And here is if you go through this description you will see that to get to see somebody you have to register, you have to sign in. Anyway, I don't want to type my password here now. But you have to follow this link, get your wifi working. Apparently... Here we go, you have to go on Office hours go to Chara and it will have an application written by one of our students off the queue. Then we will put you on the queue and you have to specify your location. Usually it's the basement, specified by location there and the TA will come find you there.  So don't be on the fourth floor because the TAs will not run to the fourth floor to answer your questions. But that's the way we do our office hours. Okay? and usually if you also check the calendar, go here you will see that we try to cover all of the times from 9AM to 11PM that somebody from the staff is on the duty. You can always see the Char. Okay so this is your friend. This app. Okay any questions about that. Okay so let's go, and then if you don't have any questions will jump through the code right away. Oh no I have one more announcement. One more announcement which is really exciting. One more announcement which is very exciting is in even that is organized by NCSA next Wednesday evening. It's going to be screen of documentary movie as well as panel discussing the issue. And the issue is the gender gap in computer science and other computational fields. And if you look around in fact we have pretty good balance in this classroom, which is very exciting. I see a lot of girls and that's not always the case. So why is it exciting because there is free pizza which is always good and to attend you have to RSVP but the panel discussion will include both me and Cinda and we will have probably our personal account off this issue discussing there. So please come it's really cool. And let's start. clang vs gcc, you have to use clang because the machine's don't unless you are in a laptop section. So the question was should I use gcc or clang or g++ which kind of compiler. Are you in the laptop section then you have to talk to TA see if they can help you with either then it's fine. Unless they have some preference. But usually it's kind of the same thing. So whatever works through laptop probably. Okay, so let's see where we stopped last time. I want to start off from where we finished. We had this code and I'm going to break it to three parts. We defined class sphere. We specified what kind of members it will have. And the data that will represent sphere will be radius. And there will be two ways to access the information or change the information of the class through two functions. Member functions of the class getDiameter and setRadius. We have talked even about implementation of this functions right? So in order to set radius we would just have to say the Radius = new Rad