Let's see. No, I wanted to start with Thierry after Cinda because you see so many of us and we have to be kept organized. And Thierry is the head of logistics so many of you will be interacting with him. 
Hi, I'm theirry. I don't have any special computer science memories cause I'm an english major. But I'm currently a doctoral student in english. I'm head of logistics which basically means one of my jobs is communication between you guys, faculty, CAs, TAs. I do a bunch of different things like, you know, conflict requests and things like that. So, that's my job. 
Thank you Thierry. Now we have also a lot of undergraduate and graduate TAs, teaching assistants, that will help you with a lot of questions about your assignments, so these guys, they are your lifeline. Okay, they'll become your friends, really you'll get to know some of them very very close. And, I think so, you'll become friends. 
So I would like you to slowly introduce yourselves: your name, how many years you've been in the program, how many years you've been in the staff, and if it's too many years, why you've been staying here, and something cool about yourselves like if you're graduating, did you get a good job or internship or something. 
I'm Mike, I'm a sophomore, and this is my second semester on staff and something fun about me is that I'm very unpopular on reddit so I won't be very nice for you because it hurts your feelings and it's very unmotivating. 
Hi my name's Milan. This is my fourth semester on course staff. I don't have an interesting fact to follow up with. ok, I used to have access to way too many rooms in this building, as a non major. 
Hi I'm [ ]. I'm a grad TA, and I'm a second year student in civil engineering. For those of you who have their lab section today, I'll see you in the lab today. 
Hi my name's Kevin. I'm a junior in CS. This is my 3rd semester on course staff. And, something cool about me. Last semester, I spent the semester studying abroad in Japan. I didn't take any computer science classes while I was in Japan. I was having fun. 
Hi guys I'm []. I'm a second year graduate student in CS. This is my second semester on course staff. Something cool about me is that I travel a lot, I have a huge map in my room and I tick off places/ It's been two years in the US, and visited 16 states. I hope I'll travel more. I have been to many countries so if you have any questions about travel, you know who to come to. Travel yes. 
Hi everyone, my name is [ ], and something fun about me is I wait until I'm a TA here. 
What year are you? A sophomore? 
I'll help you, stand up. What year are you? What year in school are you? A sophomore. Okay, and what's your major? ECE. okay. Electrical Engineering. Oh, so is Nathan. Do you know Nathan? uhh no. See, that wasn't that hard right? 
I think that second time around, they're way too shy. I heard many cool things in the first lecture in ECE. But that's okay. We have many more staff as you can see in the website. This is just a small portion, we have 30 undergraduate and graduate TAs total to help you guys. 
So, thank you very much. 
So I have introduced us. Now I want to talk a little bit about the class. What kind of things you should expect from the class and what type of things you should expect to know in the class. 
And to do that, I'm going to start with two metaphors. So imagine yourself in a very large  lecture hall. Which is not difficult right? So here you go. And imagine that you do not know what Cinda looks like yet. 