Ok.
Ok, hello, I'm sorry for the delay I have almost lost my slides.
I have some announcements for you.
First of all, MP2 you know that it's due next week. The new lab will be released today, maybe it's already online but uh, it will be released if it's not it will be released by the time you have your new lab and um. The name of it is going to be lab_memory. And it's going to be due on, I really apologize for this because [gibberish] I have to change these things.
So it's due on Sunday, February, um. Is it seven? Seven.
So it's just like normal. The reason why I have to change the slides is that we are going through some changes in the class and Cinda has announced it last time so, you looked scared already, but let me kinda explain what's going on. Um, carefully.
So, instead of the lab next week, we'll have our first exam. So you'll come to your Wednesday, Thursday, Friday February 10th, 11th, and 12th labs and instead of regular schedule of the lab happening there we will have an in lab exam. Which means we will really ask you to be in the lab that you registered to. Um, the reason why is that... this is one of the things that is different this semester, but there's another thing that is very different this semester is that we accommodated as many as student as was possible to get into the class, those who really needed to take the class to graduate or for some other reasons.
Um, therefore, we really literally didn't have physical seats in labs and we have to be rigid. About it. And Cinda told you about it before, during last lecture.
So what's gonna happen next? Wednesday, Thursday, Friday? If you come there, you'll be given a test, it'll have two sets of problems, one is multiple choice another one is live programming. You'll have to write your program and we'll see if it compiles and runs. You'll be able to test it as well. It'll begin closed notes closed books, but also closed local files, closed internet, kind of test.
How is it different from generations of students that took this class for the past 10 years? Well, instead of an exam like you have, they had evening four hour exams, three times in the semester. It would be Tuesday evenings, from 7 to 11. So that was quite stressful, and that is a paper exam, which means that when you write your code, we'll have to figure out that - what will - we'll have to figure out and evaluate, assess the reason why you, say, didn't put a a semicolon. Is it just because you really forgot about it, or just because you didn't... didn't even know that that is important? Will not compile.
Um, so obviously there are benefits of testing you on the machines live, right? How many of you have already had um... an interview? With coding questions? Do they ever ask you anything on paper? Or do they ask you to write live code? Live code, right?
So it's.. it's very beneficial way of doing the exams because it not only allows us to assess your knowledge better, but it also prepares you for interviews so this is pretty cool. I believe it's the right thing to do, and this is how we're going to try it.
The thing is that, unfortunately for you, we're going to be trying it on you. Which means that, logistically, there may be problems that we not even.. we don't even know about. But here's the deal: that first exam next week is going to be only for positive credit. So there's no way...