Okay... um-hum...[some student asking question with unintelligible voice] Yeah, so we are kinda going beyond the scope here, but... but let me do it, because... because it will surprise you a little bit. This compiles; let's see if I can do this. Uh... um... Um, this compiles, I believe; you can check it out. Nah.. (I mean) I don't remember which way it goes; well, maybe it will compile because there is a character that looks like that, okay? Uh...uh... 50? You have int x equal (from input), actually let's call this y, and then we have int x[y]. That will compile. (Okay), this is input; I don't remember this syntax (which should be int y; cin >> i;), forgive me, okay? So, I believe this will compile, but here is what really happens, here is what we will say [??? "you don't see it" ]... y is how this goes right? I can't remember. Okay, the point is if this array [??? effect] a user input, if this is created by user input, that is not known at compile time, that is an artefact of running a code, ok that is not known at compile time. The code was still compiled, and the size of the array that is made for you is way way way bigger that you intended, okay? (It's) way way way bigger that you intended so it is a costly operation. This is a mass, I'm sorry. I'm gonna put it like this. "y instantiated by cin", okay, [unintelligible]. Okay, I have a little point for you to think about: I have a new class definition here, so now you know, you know two uses for pointer mechanism - the asterisk, here. Uh, I have a new class for you called "class garden". It has a bunch of stuff, one of which is a private member called plot, whose primary type is flower, but it is really a flower pointer pointer. Okay now, my question for you is all the different ways you can get a "plot" in memory. I'm assuming by the slide that there are four of them, and the way I want you to think about it is to talk to the person next to you, and  sort of, maybe, draw a schematic about what this would look like in memory: flower** plot, okay? So talk to the person next to you and see what the "plot" is. What is a "plot" is the question. What is "plot"? [noise from class discussion] It is all in the heap; I heard a few of you talking about stack, but I am asking about allocating memory on the heap, with different ways you can do this. [more noise from class discussion......] Did you just say that it could be a pointer to a pointer to a flower? You said that; okay, would you write that down at there, as option one, first line? You should hold it right straight up and down; it's kinda, [??? there]. [more noise from class discussion......] [Student asking questions, unintelligible] Great. I will. uh-huhuhuhu. [Student asking questions, unintelligible] She did? Did you do the slide? Okay. Okay. Any other ideas about what this might be? Yeah? Did you guys do this last time? Have you seen the side before? Did Anna say the word "array", to you guys in this room? Did she say array? no, okay. "Element of a double array". Good, good good good, sort of. Okay, I mean I'm gonna get rid of "element of" part, so a double array, a two-dimensional array is another thing this plot could be. Ohhhhhh, oh wild, did you say an asterisk might mean it's in an array? What are other options? anybody wants to fill it in? Ya, okay. I saw his hand first, okay? [Student, unintelligible]