So you can't create an executable, right? The only function that you can exit here in c++ is main function so if you don't have main function then compiler will just not know where to start. So you can not ever compile your files unless there's at least one main function. So I'm going to write again a bare minimum main function. And tell me what do you like or not like about it. Are there any questions? Yeah? It returns nothing and I declare that it supposed to return integer. So by convention main functions are supposed to return integer and in this case my program would compile so some compilers would not complain about you not returning specifically an integer and some would. So it's better, it's good style, to return a 0 in the end of your main function. And then in the middle you would have some kind of a lot of code to be executed. And we have bare minimum main function so we don't do anything. We just return 0 to indicate to the compiler or to the system that the program has finished execution successfully. So it went through all the steps, returned 0. 0 indicates successful execution. So by convention main returns integer and 0 is indication of successful execution. If your program would not finish successfully it would probably stop in one of the lines in the body of the main function and then the return value would be associated with what went wrong. And you could actually from that value find out what the problem was. Does that make sense? So now I should be fine right? It should run. I should compile it. I probably didn't save it sorry. Yeah... Okay so. I saved my program. This is a successful compilation. There is no error messages whatsoever and there should be an executable file waiting for me. So let me see if I have it. And yes I do. a.exe is the executable file produced by the compiler. So let's finish my slide. So after compiler checks for syntax and creates an executable and names it by default with whatever the compiler does. So mine was a.exe sometimes it's a.out so if you don't specifically put a flag to your compiler comment to name the executable you will get the default name and in my case it's a.exe. So now I wanna run it okay? I wanna run it. So to run an executable you have to press . and then / and then the name of your executable which is a.exe, in my case. And I'm gonna do that. What do you think is gonna happen? What does my function do? Nothing. Nothing happened. Okay, so, so, that's it. That's what we expected but it successfully executed nothing. Um. Wait wait it's not we still have some minutes and I still have one slide. Fine. So where are we? Our class didn't have anything interesting associated with it so we'll work on making class sphere over the next few lectures. I'll be using g++ in my lab just because it's easiest for me to install. In your labs you'll be using clang