Oh no, it let me do that.I just want to keep it this way so that its short I have really big font size, okay. Otherwise I will not get my program. Java heresy oh no! This is why the default constructor looks like this. And that's why I'm gonna eventually comment it out because I'm not gonna be doing anything interesting with constructors today, okay? So I just wanna show you a simple example of how it would look like, but it's not really interesting. Okay so the second functionality was what? Set radius, the return of the set radius would be nothing. We just set it so the return type would be void, and input parameter should be the new radius so it should be double, new rad, okay? And so far I'm just gonna specify, I'm just gonna declare this function not define it yet, okay. And the next function, so this would be functionality of changing sphere, and the third one would be getting information. So if I wanna get information maybe I want to get diameter, okay? So then the return type should be double for the diameter, and then get diameter, and then there should be no input parameters cause I'm just gonna get them. Okay. So, will this compile? No it will not because I've just declared my functions. It'll complain at me well where are they defined? So there's a choice of where I could define my functions, right? I mean I don't do anything with set radius, I really don't change the radius, right? So I have to put the function body somewhere, and I'll show you three ways of doing it, okay? And the first one will be outside of the class definition. So, I'm gonna write how to do that and then you ask questions if you have questions about it. So I'm gonna... Please let me comment out the constructor for now because as I said its very simple and we'll talk about constructors later, it's just an illustration that it would be here as well, but I'm just gonna remove it for now because the default one does the same thing. Okay so I'm gonna define set radius now, outside of the class definition. The return type is void, then I have to say sphere, and scope resolution operator, set radius, double new rad, and now, I'm gonna write down what this function does, and it's assigning a new rad to the old radius, okay? Any questions about this? Why do I have the scope resolution operator there? Student: uh, can you also say using namespace sphere? (back to professor) I could, very good, but I'm not going to. But I could put in many of them, however, why do I have to have the scope resolution operator here? So lets, instead of just suggesting how we could go about it, explain why do I need it here. How many different classes I could have put here that would all need to set radius? I could have defined class circle, or class hyper sphere, many other classes. So, if I wanna define the function outside of the class itself, I'm going to tell the compiler which one of them I am actually defining. Okay, and then lets do double, sphere, scope resolution operator, get diameter, it returns diameter, no input parameters up there, and I need to return two times radius. So I have a question to you.