Okay, and please your hand if you took ECE 220, as a prerequisite. A minority here in this room it's always the case, it's ECE 220. Um, which means that in this room we have about 70% of computer scientists, who probably are very familiar with objects. And, uh, classes. And, you might feel like in the course of the next month, you'll feel bored when I cover that. Because C++ allows you to use classes, an uh, you'll be familiar with that, um, with that subject. Those of you who took C class, and it's about um, 30% here, uh you'll be familiar with pointers and how to manage memory, um and uh, this part of the next month will be familiar to you and you might feel bored, bored as well, so that's okay, because since there's so many from both, I'll have to assume that you know neither Java nor C, and I'll have to bring all of us to the same ground, okay so that's okay to feel a little bored for once, once in a while, it's just important that if you do get distracted, don't miss the point at which I do contents which is something that you don't know, okay? So that's, that's important, because there will be something that, you don't know, because unless you took both of them. Then you have to wait until the data structures part. Okay, any questions about this? So, um, I wanna start our lecture today, so I'm done with introductions, every lecture um, throughout the semester will start with the announcements, which will show the status of the current assignments. And you do have three assignments released today. Um, so the first one is Homework zero. If you go to the course website, you'll see it under MPs, and uh, it will be due on Monday in class, and due on Monday on SVN. So in class means that you have to bring a hard copy of it, in class. And on SVN means that you will have to submit it electronically, uh, electronically. Uh, so you have to also submit an electronic version through SVN, and there's the guide, you can go through the Homework 0 specifications and you'll see the guidelines for doing so. But you have to submit both. So we provide on the Homework 0 webpage we provide two files, PDF file and TeX file, so if you prefer you can print out a PDF file, do handwritten solutions, bring them to me in class, but then you'll have to scan them to upload them electronically, or you can edit on top of TeX file and then electronically submit your produced PDF file, but you have to print it out still and bring a hard copy to me in class, okay? So any questions about this? Uh, Homework 0 is an easy homework if you have taken CS 173, okay? Discrete math, prerequisite. Otherwise if you're struggling with this again it's something that it may difficult for you to continue with the class. Um, we have also released the first lab, it's gonna be due on Sunday, however we will not grade it for credit, okay? It's just an exercise for you to, on how to use SVN. Because we will be communicating through SVN a lot, that's the way we'll be exchanging files throughout the semester, so it's important to learn it, including Homework 0, so want you to go through this process and we'll guide you the process in lab section. So if you have your lab section the first one will be tonight, go there even though the lab is not graded we still take attendance and you are graded for attendance to uh labs. So go there and then it will be very easy for both Homework 0 lab and MP1, and future MPs and labs, okay? So that's lab_intro, also MP1 is available, it's due on next Tuesday midnight. Tuesdays will be when our MPs are due for the first part of the semester, then it will switch to Thursdays. So the three assignments, they're easy, so don't expect MPs, all of the MPs be this easy, but there a lot already, so you can see how the class is starting pace up. If you have any kind of questions, general questions or assignment questions, the best way to reach out to us is to post questions on Piazza, that's why we have so many assistants to help answering Piazza posts. Also there will be office hours which are already available, uh you can see which TAs and CAs are available um, on our webpage, we have schedule posted. So this is for general questions. Any questions at this point? And we'll get, we'll start with C++. Yeah? This one is very easy, because essentially MP1 is very similar to lab_intro, it familiarizes you with SVN.