Chicago, unexpectedly, she'll be back on Wednesday nothing really changes I just get this fun opportunity. Um let's see so there are some deadlines that you're fully aware of already, so I'm not gonna spend a lot of time talking about this. Or even spend any time talking about them except, oh, I just did, shoot. There are, however, 2 administrative issues. One of which is for the very late adders, what do we do with lab debug? Here's the thing: we have built into the system a lot of extra credit, a full letter grade or more, so my immediate and superficial answer is this is just one of your points of extra credit that you're not going to be able to use. Using up 1 of your opportunities for extra credit, there will be plenty more opportunities don't worry about it. In reality we will probably not be so cold, but we don't have an administrative fix for it at this minute. So I'm gonna ask you to trust me, or rather us - to deal with the discrepancy between who could and couldn't turn in lab debug, we'll deal with it. The other issue is much more important. That is the new policy that demands that you go to the section for which you are actually registered. So I'll admit and I know that this is a hardship for some of you, so let me explain why we are doing it. First of all, in order to accommodate all of you who needed to take the class, we needed to fill all the seats in the lab which meant we don't have the normal flexibility in seats, as in the labs that we have had before, so one way of handling that is to be rigid while attendance is still high, be very rigid about which section you should attend. The other issue is that we're trying something new with tests this semester. We're going to be delivering the assessments for the course - the midterms - during lab section. So you have to be there for that time so that you can take your test. Unless you don't want those points, in which case, you know...come whenever you like. But that's when the midterms will be. The good news is that it'll save you a couple of Tuesday nights. Moreover, we're likely to - we don't know yet - be having more of them so you will have more opportunities to show us what you know, and no one of them will be as scary as the big Tuesday night exams used to be. That's our hope and justification, and our admonishment that you make sure you can attend the lab section for which you are registered. Now, we will help you once the enrollment gets settled down, if things are currently infeasible for you, we will help make adjustments as much as we can. We have a tentative list of the exam dates, exam weeks, since you know it takes up a week. We'll let you know them as soon as they are real. Oh, I'll tell you the first one! The first one which is no negative consequence, we're gonna give you a trial assessment so we can evaluate the logistics of the whole thing, not this week in lab but next week in lab. So we don't know yet what we're gonna do with those scores, but we will make it so that they cannot hurt you. So dazzle us and we'll feel compelled to give you credit for your hard work. Isn't that the way things will always be? Dazzle us and we'll give you credit, perfect! Let's work. I have two little pieces of code for you and what I wanna know from you is how do they differ functionally. That is, if you were to execute each of these pieces of code, what would be different in the effect? In the observed effect. Raise your hand, I want to have a conversation about this, so somebody raise their hand. Very close, that's close to the right answer. The code on the right is much less confident...hello? instead of hello!. That is really the only functional difference between the pieces of code. What happens behind the scenes, though, is a little bit different. Let me ask you this: which of these two pieces of code takes longer to run? Yes, stopwatch we can judge it. Which one takes longer? Everybody point to which one takes longer to run. Go for it. Right, the one on the right. (GASP).