and what do variables represent in the user defined class uh type yeah some kind of properties right some kind of values or data that is associated with it and we will go through example so this is kind of representation associated with the object or um data associated with it because these types are going to be complex so not like with primitive types where the value's just integer there may be more information that we want to store for each of the instances of this user defined type I'm going to go and write my function with the first user defined type called sphere and I'm going to switch and please ignore this for a while but I'm going to create a program, a file called program.cpp in which I'm going to lets see, let me remove everything I have so I have a clean directory and I'm going to create a file program.cpp and I'm going to edit it, is this font good for the last row? let me try to increase it and tell me stop if it is enough, i think twenty-four is good, is this better do you see it well? ok cool. so I'm going to start writing my first class and I will start with the keyword class which tells the compiler that I'm going to start the definition of a class with the name, whatever follows the keyword, which is sphere. so my class will have name sphere and then I will put curly braces which will indicate the properties of the sphere. so within these curly braces is where I will put my variables and functions associated with this class. and we are not going to write these yet, my class will be super simple at this point, it will be a class with nothing associated with it. and I'm going to put a semi colon here. please ask me why I put a semi colon here or answer it maybe, maybe you know. do you know why I put a semi colon here? what is a semi colon in c++? It's a delimiter. so it says stop my dfdjf has just ended. so why do i need it there. anybody knows? yeah? so what if I didn't put a semicolon? what would happen? why does it have to have it there? so, I could put my favorite sphere here, so I could have defined my type together with declaring a variable of that type and the compiler wouldn't know. so if you omit the semi colon it would be waiting for that name after the variable name in the declaration. so you have to put a semi colon to say there will be no declaration at this point it will just be a class itself. ok fine. so i have my first class and according to the slides to compile it we will have to call my compiler that I have on this machine and on the EWS machines you will have clang compiler. The syntax will be slightly different you will have to put clang++ there and then the name of the program that I want to compile. and my question for you is is this going to compile or not? why not? right, so, it complained usually when it compiles null error message or no messages come up, no complaining should come out and there is a complaint here "no executable was created" and the purpose of compilation is to first so when I run g++ on my program it first checks for syntactic correctness and then creates an executable so if it didn't create an executable and had some kind of error messages it either had syntactic problems or something else went wrong with the executable. so I have a question to you, why did I get error messages what do you think is wrong. and I heard the answer. there is no main function. so,  