So this one is a very easy MP. That's why we give .. MP 1 is graded lab is not, but attendance is taken and HW0 is graded. When the lab starts, there is a schedule of lab sections online as well and when you register you probably registered for one of the lab sections. Yea. So there will be at least three assistance in each lab sections so you can ask questions to complete your lab there. It's very friendly. Okay, any more questions? so good luck with those assignments, yea. Are the labs individual? You can work with a team, we will explicitly tell you if you can or cannot work in a team. It will always be a part of the assignment description. And if you do work in a team, then you usually have to submit a file of your team members. But, for each lab it's not really an individual, truly individual work because you sit with your lab section members and there is a lot of discussion going on. It's the MPs that we really emphasize that some of them have to be individual. Okay, any more questions? Okay bye Cinda. We found you. We know how you look. Okay so now ill start with C++. Since we are gonna be talking about the structures we probably are not going to get far without knowing how to use variables. So what are variables in C++? I'm going to start with some definitions. each variable in C++ will have a name, a type, a value, and a location. okay? And here i'm gonna show you some examples of variables used. examples.. Here is my first line. It says int my favorite int; . My questions to you... ya? it's on the website as well. So the printer was flaky today, I don't think all of you got printouts. I'm sorry about that. I couldn't interface it. it printed out a lot and then sorry. if you take notes, there are just a few slides today so it should be easy. yea? yes, location in memory, address. So i have a question for that first green line. you probably know whats the name of that variable and whats the type, whats the value, whats the location. The name is my favorite int, so it does have a name because each variable has to, the type is int. what is the value? let's talk about the location first. What do you think is the location for that variable? Stack? So let's not talk about it because we'll ask, she talked a lot about stack in the future. Let's say that upon this declaration, because i just declared this variable, I didn't define it, i didn't assign any value to it so I didn't define it. So, upon this declaration, the system will allocate location for this variable. It's just gonna be implicit. Okay so the system allocated some location, and what's the value at that location? Did we assign a new value? No. So what is the value of this variable at this point? Garbage, i heard garbage. We will refer to it as garbage. I'm gonna draw a garbage bin. Because its very important there will be exam question that will be specifically asking for this answer. So, what does this mean garbage? The system will recycle whatever values were at that memory location that will be the value of this variable. It may be something really bad and we'll talk in detail how bad it can get. But it will be essentially garbage. Something that we don't know what it is and it is scrambled. It can be very scrambled right. Okay, so I have declared this variable, which means that when i use a declaration, let me just say that it was a declaration, an example of a declaration. When we see a declaration, read intention to use. 