and right here. does that make sense. You just put your function definitions together with your function declarations and if there is nothing you want to protect just go ahead and do it. Some of the libraries are very lite libraries that have about 8 files with all the implementations and declarations are lumped in together. Does that make sense. So, any questions about this. [gibberish] You can specify exactly what you do in the makefile. We just give you some examples and that is it. So now i am  going to go to my file. And i want to introduce a couple situations here maybe introduce some bugs and ask you what is going to happen and how to prevent it. I already said that this will not compile because it is a private variable so we have to set radius use setRadius public function to set the radius of this sphere. What if i remove this line all together and i dont set the radius at all. Would it compile? Yes? So let me see. It compiles. What does it compile. A lot of exam questions will be does it compile and if it does what will be the result of the execution. So it does compile now we know. What will be the result of the execution? What do you think? Garbage. Garbage is correct. Lets run it. So why is that. So our default constructor doesn't set the radius at all. which means that whatever is in that space allocated by this class. And dont worry about memory allocation we haven't really talked about it yet. Nevertheless, the object is created the instance is created and the whatever was there in the radius, we didn't assign it so that means its garbage. So i dont like it thats why it is better explicitly to either write a better constructor that is not so default. that will set up a better default value than garbage. Or we use set radius to say 10. But then i have this question what if i, as i said i have this definition outside the class and maybe i assigned  someone else to write those definitions and maybe whoever was writing getDiameter was distracted or i dont know what the reason but they actually reassigned the value of radius here to 100. Is this legal would this compile. So it is definitly maybe not even malicious mistake but some kind of incompetence happened right. So the question is how would you control for this. And lets start with whether this would compile. Yeah, what will be the result of the execution. 