Print it out, yeah. Print it out and bring it here, we'll have [gibberish] to submit them according to your lab sections. By then registered students can also submit them, the hard copy. Yeah? I didn't hear you at all. Solution to the homework. Oh, we will return graded homework probably in a week. We'll give back the hard copy. We will give them back to you in each of your lab sections. And by a chance you miss it, then you'll still can, you'll be able to come to my office and pick them up, so I'll have the leftovers. Okay. So you'll have your hard copy of your homework back. Hopefully in a week. No digital solutions. Okay. Any questions? Okay, fine. Let's start working on our C++ program. So I gonna go to the terminal. But I want to make sure you guys work on your slides. The point to this, my goal today is to mirror everything that I do in the emacs or in terminal here. So you will be able to write on your slides. So I'm gonna go to my emacs program. And this is a very very simple program that I wrote which you don't see. That's funny. OK, this is really strange. Do you see [gibberish] on that screen? Because even this one is cut on the left or this one is cut on the left. I think I prefer that one. Do you all see... If you have any problem seeing please let me know. And we'll try to work on this one, but this one.. It has this problem that if I move too much to the left it just disappears. You know, it's a very advanced technology here. Okay. So this is a very simple program, we'll start to making... trying to make our main function do something useful. And I'm gonna just write one line and let me ask you what it does. And whether you see something unusual or strange that you want to talk about. So what do you think my main program does now? Print to screen. Is it gonna compile? No, why not? What is 'cout'? It's not.. if it's a variable or function that is not defined. So you [gibberish], define it somehow, and the thing it's a function that is defined in the standard library. So I better include the files that contain this function and this function, it sounds that it's gonna print something out in the screen, right? Okay, so the library that contains that function is called 'iostream'. But I'm gonna say... to include it I'm goona say hash sign, include, iostream, okay? And I know that this is a standard library because of the brackets. Sometimes I will put it in quotes, and that would mean that it's not necessay standard library, could be some local library that I use. And also know that iostream is something relating to input/outpur stream. So you'd probably has a bunch of functions for printing stuff out. However, since iostream is a standard library, so it's a collection of files that are commonly used in many programs. It has many different classes defined there. It has vectors, it has queues. So a lot of things could have the same function for printing things out. So how do I know that cout really refers this cout, really refers to printing out all the string itself? Yeah, we have to say it's a standard class. That is we have to write down that this cout function should be found within iostream library within standard class definition, okay? So double semicolon indicates it's a scope resolution operator and it tells the compiler where to look for the function cout. What is end line ('endl')? What is it? Is it defining... It's an [gibberish] character. I didn't define it in my program. So it's also included in the same [gibberish] library. And we have to use the same scope resolution operator to indicate in which part to [gibberish] in library it store in std. Okay? Any questions about this? Will it compile now, you think? 