This propagation of the- yeah? Student: Will it be exponential? It will be exponential in each round and it will propagate like a wave, right? Some kind of wave form. So here we go. So it will- you'll see um... you'll see instances of different kind of data structures or data organizations in this class and different kinds of ways of searching over them or performing some kind of other task and that's why this class is called data structures. So I'm- I just had a slide about ways of searching for data in a data structure and this is an example of an organization. So another metaphor for our class you might not want to invest time to organize the data. So now there is a chance for me to find out a little bit about you and the question will be a little too personal. Uh, please raise your hand if your closet looks like this one on the left. Sorry. If you don't mind sharing um...okay...cool. I mean not exactly maybe more like, right? Um, please raise your hand if your closet looks more like the one on the bottom right. It's half and half. In my household I have people across the board like both kinds of people. Uh okay. Student: Which type of closet do you have? That's too personal. I'm more like that and this is my husband okay I'm sorry. I'm sharing too much. Okay um, so then I have a question then to those of you who raised your hand, uh, and said that your closet looks more like this and I'm asking you a question. Wouldn't it be difficult for you to find something, say, you're favorite pink, uh, short-sleeved shirt? Would it be difficult for you or would you argue that for you its as easy as finding it in a well organized closet? Please raise your hand if you think its easy to find it in your closet. Yeah that's what my husband would argue "that it's not difficult I know the organization." The thing is even though it doesn't seem like there was any, um, any time put into organization into this closet there is a data structure, it's just implicit. It's hidden in the owner's head, right? So you have that organization of that closet in your head and and you can access the items pretty fast. The problem is its not shared with others. If you were to ask.... if you were on vacation and you were to ask your mom to find your shirt, probably she would have difficulty. She would prefer if your closet was organized like this, right? Does that make sense? There is always, uh, ways to optimize the search. Optimization helps, it just, or data structure organization helps and, uh, sometimes even though its not apparent it may still be there. Also, this slide kind of demonstrates the programming style. If you're programs look like that, it doesn't mean they aren't efficient, its just that it will be hard to share them in a collaboration. They may still work fine. Okay, so this is what the class is about. Now I want to talk a little bit about what to expect from it. So this is a difficult class. It is a lot of work. Um, we will have labs released every week due on every Sunday. We will have MP's due every other week, so every two weeks there will be a machine problem assignment and there will be three exams. So another metaphor for this class that... um, just a second.... that you might feel like the course is really, really tall waves and you're a surfer and you have to, your job is to survive and stay on top of it, okay? So its not unheard of that this class takes about 20 hours a week of work and if you're not doing well around the third week and you're not spending 20 hours a week, thats probably the reason why. So I would recommend, especially if its not easy for you, to spend those hours because from our staff members who took the class and so many other student who successfully finished this class I've heard thats how long it takes each week. So,  expect to have the time investment to succeed in it. But its a fundamental class. Its very fun and its very important for your career in the future. Uh, now also I wanna kind of warn you about how this class will progress through the next month. Um so, we will start...we will get to data structures later. Probably after the first month. In the first month we will study the language with which we will communicate with the computer to store the data and data structures. Our language will be C++. Uh, please raise your hand if you took CS125 as the prerequisite 