[Answering student questions]
I'm sorry, I have to start. Volume controls... Okay. Oh, is it too loud? Is it okay? Everybody hears me? Better? Too loud? Good? Okay. So let's start. I want to start with some announcements. Oh. Okay, nevermind, I somehow lost my...
Okay. I want to start with the first announcement which is the opportunity to compete in a software competition called ECE PULSE tomorrow. One of our TAs is an organizer for this so he shared this poster with me to share it with you, and he said that he would announce more details via Piazza. So if you are interested, go to the webpage of the event or wait for a Piazza post. This is an opportunity for some kind of hackathon to participate in. Okay. Now some announcements about the class. First of all, our webpage is up, and all of our assignments that need to be completed, they are there. Okay, so they are released and you have all of the information and guidelines to complete them. If you have any questions about the assignments, your first place to go is Piazza. So this is a to-go place. Second one is, unfortunately I didn't do it in the last lecture, but the second one is office hours. So how many of you have met our TAs already live? Did you do Chara queue? How did you find them? In the lab? Okay okay. How many of you went to the office hours, because we have office hours running already. You've done it? Did you use Chara queue? So all of you have to go to our website for information, or simply go to Chara and there is information about this webserver which hosts queue for meeting office hours and information for how to use it. Okay, if you need questions, go to Piazza post a question, or go to Chara, register yourself, and meet a TA live for a question about assignments. Does that make sense? Okay. Piazza is number one, Chara is number two. Now assignments that are out are Homework Zero, MP1 and lab_intro. MP1 and lab_intro, you'll need to have SVN access to submit it, so if you're not registered you will not have that but it's okay. It's okay because lab_intro is not for credit anyway. It's just for an exercise of how to use SVN, and MP1 contributes to very very tiny fraction of the final grade. so for those of you who are not registered, this is not a big loss, and I will talk about opportunities for registration in a bit. Homework Zero, though, I want to talk about it a little more. Homework Zero, you do have to submit it via SVN for our record. If you are not registered, just make sure that you bring hardcopy, because that's what's actually gonna be graded: the hardcopy of your submission. So bring it in lecture here, and we'll have a separate pile for unregistered students. And if you are unregistered make sure that you put your UIN on your submission. If you don't there will be no way for us to know who you are, and then you will lose an opportunity to get enrolled, so if you don't submit your homework submit your homework with your UIN, then it's almost guaranteed that we will not provide you an additional resource of registering for the class. Does that make sense? But if you just do submit it, then we are trying to work in such a way so that up to 50 seats will be overridden for you. Okay? So you will get an override, if you submit it with the UIN. Okay, so what's the purpose of Homework Zero? Homework Zero is an exercise mostly for you, not for us, so see whether this class is for you. It will cover some subjects that you already should know from the Discrete Math class that we'll just assume that you know, so it's important that you know them for this class. We do not put any constraints on how you should work on it, so you can work in groups, you can go on Piazza, and find teammates for your Homework Zero submission. So you can work in a group with people, you can Google for terms, you can use your textbook for Discrete Math. However, if you have to Google for every single term in the homework, this class is probably not for you, so that's kind of more an indication whether it will be easy for you later on or not. Okay? So any questions about that?