Ok.. Oh, is it too loud. Is it ok? Everybody hears me? better? too loud? good? Ok

So lets start. I want to start with some announcements. Oh. Ok nevermind. I somehow lost my.

Ok. I want to start with the first announcement, which is an opportunity to compete in a software competition called ECE Pulse tomorrow. One of our TAs is an organizer for this so he shared this poster with me to share with you and he said that he would announce more details via piazza. If you are interested, go to the webpage of the event or wait for piazza post. So, this is an opportunity for some sort of hackathon to participate in. Ok. now some announcements about the class. First of all, our webpage is up and all of the assignments that need to be completed are there. So they are released and you have all the information and guidelines about how to complete them. If you have any questions about the assignments, the first place to go is piazza. So this is the togo place. the second one, unfortunately i didn't do it in the last lecture, the second one is office hours. So how many of you have met our TAs already live? Did you chara queue? How did you find them? In the lab. Oh ok. How many of you went to the office hours because we have office hours running already? You've done it? Did you use Chara Queue? So all of you have to go to our website for information or simply go to chara. And there is information about this web server, which hosts queues for office hours, with information on how to use it. So, if you need questions, go to piazza and post a questions or go to chara and register yourself and meet a TA live for a question about assignments. Does that make sense? Ok. Piazza is number one and chara is number 2. Now, assignments that are out are HW0 and MP1 and lab_intro. MP1 and lab_intro you'll need to have SVN access to submit it. So you are not registered, you will not have that, but its ok. Its ok because lab_intro is not for credit anyways. It's just for an exercise on how to use SVN and MP1 contributes to a very very tiny fraction of the final grade. So for those of you that are not registered, this is not a big loss, and I'll talk about opportunities for registration in a bit. HW0 though, I want to talk about it a little more. HW0, you do need to submit it via SVN for our register. If you aren't registered, just make sure you bring hard copy because that is what is actually going to be graded, the hard copy of your submission. So bring it in lecture here, and there will be a separate pile for unregistered students. Ok? And if you are unregistered, make sure that you put your UIN on your submission. If you don't, there will be no way for us to know who you are and then you will lose an opportunity to get enrolled. Ok? So, if you don't submit your homework with your UIN then it is almost guaranteed that we will not provide you with another resource for registration for the class. Does that make sense? But, if you do submit it, then we are trying to work in such a way, some magic, so that up to 50 seats will be overwritten for you. So you will get an overwrite if you submit with your UIN. So what's the purpose for HW0. Thats another announcement. HW0 is an exercise mostly for you not for us to see whether this class is for you. So, it will cover some subjects that you already should know from the discrete math class. But we will just assume that you know, its important that you know them for this class. We do not put any constraints on how you should work on it. So, you can work in groups. You can go on piazza and find teammates for your HW0 submission. So, you can work in a group with people. You can google for terms. You can use your textbook for discrete math. However, if you have to google for every single term in the homework, this class is probably not for you. This is more of an indication whether it will be easy or not. So any questions about that? 