So again let's create an executable, right. The only function that you can execute in C++ is the main function. So if you don't have a main function, the compiler will not know where to start, so you cannot ever compile your file unless there is at least one main function. Here is a bare minimum main function, and tell me what you like or do not like about it. Are there any questions? It returns nothing, and I declared that it is supposed to return an integer. So, by convention main functions are supposed to return an integer and in this case my program would compile, so some compilers would not complain about you not returning explicitly an integer, and some would. So it's better, it's good style, to return a zero at the end of your main function. And in the middle you'll have some code to be executed. And we have bare minimum main function so we don't do anything, we just return zero, to indicate to the compiler or to the system that the program has finished execution successfully, so it runs through all the steps and returns zero. Zero indicates a successful execution. So by convention, main functions return integers and zero is the indication of a successful execution. If your program would not finish successfully, it would probably stop in one of the lines in the body of the main function, and then the return value would be associated with whatever went wrong and it wouldn't be zero. And you could actually from that value find out what the problem was. Does that make sense? So now I should be fine, right? It should run. I should compile it. I probably didn't save it. Let's see. Ok, so, let me still save my program. This is successful compilation. There are no error messages whatsoever. And there should be an executable file waiting for me. So let me see if I have it. And, yes I do, a.exe is the executable file produced by the compiler. So let's finish my slide. So after the compiler checks for syntax and creates an executable, it names it by default  with whatever that compiler does. So mine named it a.exe, sometimes it's a.out, so if you don't specifically put a flag to your compiler comment to name the executable, you will get the default name. K, so in my case it's a.exe. So now I want to run it, ok, I want to run this, so to run an executable you have to press dot the slash then the name of your executable which is a.exe (./a.exe) in my case. And i'm doing to do that, what do you think is going to happen, what does my function do? Nothing. Nothing happened, okay, so that's what we expected, it successfully executed nothing. Alright, um, wait wait, it's not. We still have three minutes and I still have one slide. Uh so, um fine, so where are we. Our class didn't have really anything interesting associated with it, so we'll start building this class sphere over the next lectures, ya. I'll be using g++ on my laptop just because it's easier for me to install g++. In your labs and mps, you'll be using clang.