we try here, right?
and sure enough...
boom, boom, boom...
oh look there finally room for 22 here.
alright any question about that?
ya?
oh how do you think you do?
the question is how do you get to zero?
how do you think you do? what's a good way of taking this one back around to the start?
mod table size
mod table size will get you back around to zero.
ya?
oh what does the search function do?
what does the search function do? if i'm looking for 22, it looks to see if, you know, it looks and says are you 22? are you 22? and it keeps going until it either finds it or it does not.
ya this is a bad strategy right?
ok
alright
so, two problems with probe based hashing
so the answer we're never gonna let the table get that full. so that there will never be a long chain of these things.
ok
ahhhh ohhhhhh
alright
i'll do this
its fine
the two problems questions
ok
so here's the thing. so lets say I do a remove of 4, a remove of 29. and then i want to do a find on 22. ok so 29 isn't there, so that cell is open. we probably have some lag that we've set that says ok you can put something different there now, that's probably what removal means. and we're gonna go looking for 22.
so the probing starts here, and that isn't 22. so we know what we did when we did 22, we found the first available spot. right?
so we're gonna try that avenue here. 16 is not 22, so we're gonna keep looking.
oh and here's an empty spot.
if 22 were in the table we would have put it in here right?
sort of..
so, that's wrong.
that logic doesn't apply when you allow for removals from your table.
so what you have to do is set a flag, you have to keep with cell a flag, that indicates zero, one or two. zero, one or two.
zero means never occupied
one means once occupied, now available
two means now occupied
these two are the same in the context of removal.
and these two are the same in the context of insert.
ok
so in our example, 29's flag would say well i don't have 22 here but you should keep looking for it. ok that's what this status one would mean here.
any question about that?
its a technical detail but its one that people expect you to know, to have thought about a little bit.
ok you can go, see you next time.
happy friday, and on monday i'm gonna ask you what gave you joy this weekend.