K, raise your hand basketball?
Raise your hand baseball?

K, weird huh? I don't know. like, ok. butterfly, oh, here's another one! butterly, best friend, or boyfriend, I don't know. Cereal killer, etc. 
Alright, so, these keys have a fabulous hash function. In two different ways: there was no ambiguity; we did not have both harry and harmony in our neighborhood, right? K, moreover, our table was used efficiently. Now, what I want to know from you is the mathematical term that describes those two phenomena. K, so each one, each key hashes to a different integer by our hash function, and the collection of keys that we use, they hash to a consecutive sequence of integers that we happen to be able to use as a table. So what's the name for such a function? 
It is a perfect hash function, but there's a mathematical name too. What is it? 
One to one gets you this one, but what gets you this one? Onto, that's right. So, this hash function is one-to-one and onto, aka, a bijection. When such a function exists, we say, "Oh, I've got a perfect hash function." Perfect hash function is a bijection (keys to table, k elements). Any question about that? So we're not usually so lucky as that, umm I want to know about this hash function. I haven't done this in this room before, so I'm not sure how this is going to work. I have another hash function that I want you to see. Let's see if it's this easy. If it's not super easy we just won't do it, it doesn't matter that much. Document camera, please make sure the document camera is powered on (talking to computer). Ok, so what we're going to do, our key space is a roll of five dice, k? A roll of five dice, like a yatzee roll, I've got them in my hand right here. And, uhh, here's how my hash function works. Now your puzzle is to figure out what my hash function is and then together we'll figure out whether it's a good one or not, k? And, let's see, we're probably going to want a way of writing this down. So for this dice roll, my hash function gives eight. So you might want to write that down. It's one two two five five, maps to eight. And your puzzle right now is to figure out what my hash function is. This is actually a parlor game. This is a - I learned this at a puzzle party. Oh - this one is two two two three four, that dice roll by my has function is mapped to two. 
Yes? K. Ready? two two two three four maps to two. Oh, this one - one four four six six - maps to zero. 