and you can change this, right. like I can make that even. there's lot of them. alright, so it's not one to one and its not onto. ok, meaning the table is not used efficiently. so this is petals around the rose. you can go show this to your roommate. alright, any questions about it? you need five dice though. your life will not - this is a college lesson - your life will not be complete unless you have a store of dice. you need a box into which you are going to keep dice because you're going to need them for your life. for your life you need a laptop and a bunch of dice. I don't know what else. some flipflops. I don't know. is it a good hash function? alright, any questions about this? alright I have a question for you. how big is the key space in petals around the rose? how big is the key space for rolling five dice? it's big. key space is huge if you are going to figure this out combinatorially the counting lesson you want to look up is - i believe - stars and bars or displacement if you're going to figure this out. displacement or stars and bars. I'm actually going to start next time with that just because it's kind of fun and I already have the slide. we're going to figure out how big is the key space. well it's huge. any questions about all this? um, sure. so if we have like 1 1 1 1 5? 1 1 1 1 5 is the same as 1 1 1 1 5 where I switched the first two dice. that's the same. i hate this day. alright, we're going to count it right now. we either do it now or next time. oh I can't turn that. alright I have room. key space. ok so here's how we're going to do this. we're going to transform a dice roll. a roll of five dice into a different model - ok? into a different model that is communicated in a way that is easy to count. we're going to take a different dice roll like one - i don't know give me a dice roll. somebody tell me what you want this dice to be. the next dice in my row. three, ok. what's the next one? six, ok. what's the next one, don't say seven! ok, that's a one because mod six right? whatever. and the next one? that's six. yeah, yeah you could use 