 no no nononnono no nope so his idea is he thinks he can get to his data faster if um if he stores the number of probes it takes, i think i'm reading your mind here. He really doesn't like this process of seeking the data some place where you have to go finding it k? and thats a good instinct. So i think i think what he's thinking about is well if you can keep track of how many times you had to try to insert it, then you could save yourself time. But the problem with that is that you would have store that back at the original store and maintain back at the original probe location rather where you are here and the process of  that doing that finding that each time ends not saving you any time. So... no... you'd have to store a whole bunch of them because of lots of things can hash to the same spot which one of them is that you need now for example. I can draw you pictures of that later. Ok any questions about this?? So double hashing is really just an adjustment to the step size that you use for linear probing. Ummm.... yea. Ok! So how well do these things do? Here's some formulas. Don't memorize them!! So lets just use our analytical skills and process what these things mean. The first thing that you need to know is that alpha is the load factor..........of the table and it is equal to the number keys divided by table size.....ok. All of these schemes run in time that depends on this load factor. okay now heres what they look like. Uhhh..... lets see. So. Successful vs unsuccessful here mean does your key exist in the table or not. Ok. And I don't care again don't look at them to memorize them. Don't look at this one. What I want you to do is tell me what you think that function looks like. What happens with that function? As you add more data what happens to alpha? Alpha increases as you add more data. For probing strategies, whats the maximum value of alpha?? What can alpha be?One at the max, right you can fill up the table and then theres really to be done so alpha maximizes at 1. So what happens to that function when alpha equals one. It's undefined and what's its limit? What is it go to? What is it just less than zero or just more than zero or ... sorry. What is just less than one? Some really huge number, right?? So this that ... that first expression increases radically as alpha goes closer to one. I'm gonna show you the functions in just a minute, I just want you to process them analytically first. Okay! So think about what that says, it means as the table fills... as the table fills that expression goes to crazy... goes to infinity. Okay thats not good! Okay now lets look at... oh i don't know we'll look at this one. What happens theres? As alpha fills... this is like this... as alpha goes to one... I think theres a negative sign missing there... oh no. As alpha what happens there? Alpha goes to one.