From say the last part again from what? Very good. So the shorter version of that was exactly right. The shorter version of it is between any pair of vertices there is a path. There exists a path between any pair of vertices. Alright if that is the case, then your graph is connected. Now what does it mean for it not to be connected? Well, it's the not of that. That is there is a pair of vertices where there isn't a path between them  which means you cannot get from one vertex to another walking on edges. Okay? Connected. Not connected. Alright so let's start with not connected first. What's the fewest number of edges a graph that is not connected can have? The fewest number not connected graph. Everybody raise their hand with the number. Zero is correct. This right? Alright about connected. Ooohhh gets a little harder. Uh oh. Yeah? N-1 very good. Did you sketch that down and figure it out or did you remember it? You just okay. That's called remembering it I think. Yeah good. Very good. I believe at last count the last time I did research there are 37 different proofs of that result that the least number of edges in a connected is n-1. Okay? We're gonna do one of those proofs on the next page. The one that I kinda like the best. Alright fine. Let's talk about then the upper bound on the number of edges and this time we're gonna characterize the graph as either simple or not simple. Uh oh. What's a simple graph? Mike. Alright no multi-edges we usually say so simple means a simple graph means that there are no self loops like this is disallowed. And I shouldn't have made that directed. And no muilt-edges. Good. So that means none of those. Okay? Alright here's a nice time for me to say that if I forget to say a graph is simple in this class you should assume that it simple. So the default graph here is a simple graph. Any question about that? Let's see if the graph is not simple, how many edges might it have? Is infinity a number? It's like a place. Infintely many right? Because we could just keep drawing them and no matter how big or how many we drew we could just add another so there is no limit the number of edges. Okay. How about for a simple graph? Yeah? Ohhhh. This is an upper bound so we wanna put in as many edges as we can. As many edges as we can. Yeah? Ohhhh nooo. You should sketch it down just a little bit. Just draw a few pictures and see if you can come up with a scheme for figuring this out. 