The sum of the heights of all of the vertices, and we want an upper bound on it. 
Okay, so what's a recurrence for this? 
So, I'm going to do this um. At level zero the height is h.
At level one, the height is h - 1. 
All the way down to the bottom. 
The hth level has height zero. 
And I'm just going to make that node in case it becomes important because I can't remember if it does. Okay. 
So the sums of the heights of everything of all of the nodes is going to be denoted s(h). 
So how can I write that in terms of s(h) - 1. 
I know that this is recurrence and that one smaller in this context is going to be s(h - 1).
Okay, so I'm trying to add up the sums of the paths of all the heights. 
So it is, 2 times , right, 2 times the sums of all the heights of these nodes. 
Wait, this sums up all the heights of these nodes, the sums of all the heights of these nodes plus h. 
That's right, for the root. 
The height of the root. 
So it's two, oh no, oh no. 
Don't breath, okay? 
Plus h. 
And in a tree of height zero the sums of the heights of all of the nodes is zero. 
Right? Okay. Okay.
I did this solution a long time ago. I spent you know I spent maybe fifteen minutes unrolling it a little bit and I came up with this as the closed form solution. 
Okay, so the solution is ( 2 to the( h+1)) -  2 - h. Okay. 
Instinctively, is that good news or bad news? 
You hate it when you see an exponent in a running time, don't you? 
But remember that's a height. 
So exponential in the height just puts it in the realm of the number of nodes. 
So it's probably okay, especially for a complete tree. 
Okay, so let's prove that this is a correct solution to the recurrence. 
Uh, this, because you should never take my word on a closed form solution. 
You should always prove it. 
So, uh, let, um, h be an - actually let little h be arbitrary, an arbitrary integer greater than or equal to zero. 
If h is equal to zero, then then "s(0) = 0" is given by the recurrence. 
And this should be for h is greater than equal to zero. 
And by the expression. So it's all good. 
Wait, you might not want to write that down on your homework. Not sure. Okay. 
Any question about that? 
So the base case here is to look at what the recurrence gives you, and what your expression that you're hoping is true gives you, and if then they're the same, then you're good. 
And are they the same? 
2 to the (h+1) is, 2. Minus two is? Minus zero is zero. 
So we're good. 
So base case is fine. 
So if h is greater than zero, then the recurrence gives 2 times s(h-1) plus h. 
The inductive hypothesis says s(h-1) equals what? 
What does the inductive hypothesis give you for s(h-1)? (2 to the h) - plus 1 minus 1, I love it when that happens - minus 2 minus (h - 1). Good. Okay you good? 
So all we have to do is plug that into the recurrence. 
So the recurrence gives s(h) = 2 *( (2 to the h) - 2 - (h-1) + h). Oh brother. Does it work? Get it? Did you get it?