Any questions about it? Yes? Look at all the questions. The orang? Well it's this semester ten semesters ago. I have not run thisgraph for this semester yet. I haven't seen the graph yet. I'm going to. Yes?
Yes I have to call in.. Oh yeah. oh yeah. And the class was a lot smaller then. There weren't any orange dots there. I think it didn't draw all the ones that were just singular orange dots. okay. yeah it's a huge problem. we should all be embarrasssed by it. okay. ah. so the thickness of the edge measures the amount of similarity. okay so this person thought it was really safe just to hold wholesale copy this code. And it's exactly the same; pretty much exactly the same. where yeah the width of this line tells you how similar they were. okay. and it's just a similarity scale between 0 and 1. presumably it's close to the fractions of similar lines of code. okay. yeah? 
oh this is actually, i think, the most fascinating question. umm... so he said, "well what if it happens accidentally?" and the amazing thing is it doesn't happen accidentally. it just doesn't. it's the weirdest thing. umm.. people write, just like when people write english. it.. it's very, you know, people have their own style; people do things, measurably differently. so now, especially our mp's are just big enough, i think, that it's not a problem except for mp1, right? like, we're.. oh gosh! how else can you do this besides a nesteed for loop right? umm.. so mp1 tends to sort of give false positives. umm i have seen for mp4, it's clamped down enough that we saw what we call the Charlie Mooney effect. Charlie Mooney was one of the very best course staff people in history. and he, like, would teach the material and he taught it in such a particular way that it informed people's code and very substantially and so we saw a bunch of them look very much alike because of Charlie Mooney's instructions. So, you know, of course we're fair, right? like we're, i'm not, i certainly don't want to be at war with students. so, right, you know, we don't push on that very much.
do comment's come into play? the question is "do comments come into play?" so, umm.. i feel a little.. uh.. strange discussing like how we do this.. but still, because.. because, you know.. information is good, we should be on the same page, right? umm.. so the question is, "do comments come into play?" comments do not come into play in this analysis. but i never ever ever ever call anybody in without looking carefully at the code. and so when i have, you know, comments are a tell. like if people have comments that match too, then i'm.. i'm like a hundred percent sure this is a probable. so they come into play that way. they don't come into play in the initial analysis. they are looked at. okay. third question! yeah?
who's.. i can't tell you. it's on github it 's there now. you shouldn't go look because then i'll you know... it's there. yeah?