may you never have this feeling that i have right now, this feeling that i have, may you never have it in your life. Don't take a job where whether or not you're happy depends on whether your screen rotates. Ok, so lets play around with this a little bit, if you recall we used this fundamental operation called rotation to maintain balance in a tree. a rotation is simply a reordering of the nodes, well a restructuring of a nodes in such a way that the heights of the tree are changed but the order of the keys in the tree are not changed. so my question for you is first of all, is this a balanced tree? A height balanced tree? Yes it is. The difference in no pair of subtrees is greater than 1 so this is a height balanced tree. Alright, i want you to tell me a key i can enter that will unbalance this tree. Somebody raise their hand.This is a good one. This is a good opportunity to be brave and to speak in class there are a lot of keys i could enter. yeas what key could i enter that would imbalance this tree? 85. ok everybody make sure they see where 85 would go in a binary search tree insert. you see where it would go? ok now walk up the tree and look for the first node that is out of balance, that iis the root of an unbalanced subtree.That key is 36 good. 74 is still fine right? In that  case right minus left would be 1, we put up with that, but 36 would then be out of balance. Now my question is, intuitively, instinctively, what kind of rotation would you expect to fix it? A left rotation good. And now make an instinctive guess on whether or not it is a double or a single rotation. whether its a right left or simply a left. single rotation is correct, ok so lets watch that happen. do this, do do this, 85. insert. are you ready. ok insert. boink. come on. insert. ok laptop. vga. happy happy happy. insert. no! come on. nothing is working. i've got nothing from the stylus. refresh the page then 85 goes away. i think what i need to do is reboot my machine and let microsoft do its work. but thats sad. awww. oh watch this. i can do. remove delete. 