Okay I am gonna do this kind of loosely force, then we will kind gradually edge toward more officially discussion  of it Okay? The part of the tree that made this long, made this tall and stringy is in the middle of the tree. And the rotation just took that thing. It's making it long and move did over. Okay. So the solution to this is to do the following. First, do a left rotation so that we change the balance of the left subtree. So we are gonna take the 55,60, kind of move it over so the stringiness is all in one direction. And then we are gonna do our right rotation. So this tree requires a double rotation in order to fix it. Alright, so let me draw that all out. And we will do the rotations and then we will talk about what has happened here. Okay? So your observation here is we don't actually have a stick. We have a bent stick. Okay? The stick is bent. So what we are gonna do is first a left rotation around 40. And then a right rotation on 70. Okay? So okay I can do this. Left rotation around 40 means that this is my stick for the moment. Okay, so I'm going to... 50, 40, 60, then I have to put 20 in right's bottom of 40. And the rest tree still looks like this. And this was a, oh, sorry, yeah, a left rotation about 40. Left rotation. Okay. And now, when you look at this tree, oh it's very sticky. Now, it's a simple right rotation around that. So again, I all raise you , 50, 40, 70. And then I attach 20 and I attach 60 and I attach 80. So this is, to get to the next one, is right about 70. Okay. I have questions for you. How long does it take to do a single left rotation. Constant time, good. Constant time, because of these assignment statements. What about updating the height. It's also constant time, because you are storing the heights of subtree. You don't have to do any, you don't have to do any traversal to get those heights. So we are storing the heights in the subtrees. So readjusting heights within a rotated subtree is a matter of, within a stick, is a matter of just looking the nodes in the subtree. Okay? So, rotation is constant time so what if we do 2 of them? It's still constant time, just a bigger constant. Alright, So rotation is constant time.