good very good, i just counted end points, right and so this is the degree of each vertex, thats one of those vocabulary words, times the number of vertices that gets you all of the end points, divide by 2 since we are counting edges and not endpoints. Okay, it is clear. Now I love this but there are these three completely different ways of looking at looking at the same problem, thats cool right? Any questions about it? Okay well one more little thing that we are going to need for many of the algorithms that we do. Many of the algorithms that we do will go across a vertex and do something for every edge on the vertex, so our algorithms will iterate over all vertices. When I looked at this I was like waaooo. I need to redo that expression. So many of our algorithms will do something over each vertex for each incident edge on the vertex. Now, I want to know an exact expression for what this must be. And i don't mean upper bound on it, i mean tell me as accurately as you can, what you get if you add up all of the degrees of all the vertices. Very similar to something you already thought about today. Yea, twice the number of edges, very good. No matter what, if you add up, if you add up all of the degrees of all of the vertices, you end up with all of the end points which has to be twice the number of edges. Now, why is this important, why don't we always just use this? And the answer is because not all graphs have all of the edges. Not all graphs have all possible edges, sometimes we can be a little more specific with our algorithms and base them on the running time, the actual number of edges. Alright, any questions on anything on this page? I think i promised you this proof. So lets go do that. Okay, I am going to do a lot of talking for the next few minutes. You will notice that, it has a little bit different of a statement, okay? What minimally connected graph means is , if you took out an edge, the graph would fall apart, okay minimally connected means removing an edge, makes the graph disconnected. Another way of saying this is a connected acyclic graph, right minimal means that there are no extra edges, so this is another way of saying it is a tree. 