Oh you want more final, you want more sample tests for the final. I'll see if I have any good ones laying around. You guys keep pestering me about that. Alright any other questions administrative issues. How do i determine the class curve at the end? I want lots of it.  Yay we are on the same page. So the class curve at the end for the last few semesters I haven't had to do a curve. Its okay with a recalibrating semester. what i tend to do is look for gaps Ill look at the overall spread of scores and adjust, only in a direction that benefits you. I will never make it harder to achieve to get a particular grade. So we only curve up instead of curving down. Does that answer your question? Its an art thats why i get paid the big bucks. Any other administrative questions. Labs do meet this week and the interesting thing is, the instructional labs close at 5 o clock on Friday for the holidays. Why yes they do. Every semester we remind them we have labs at 7 o clock on Friday and they are like we will take care of it and every semester the doors are locked. So you may have to like bring a battering ram to get into the lab section to get into your lab sections Friday night. Its just another tool of the trade. Any other administrative questions? Did you say we don't have to have to go to our own lab section did you say those words? You never have to go to your own lab section. There is no incentive to do that because we are not handing the back. Lets roll here, lets play school. We were talking about, oh look it we are starting class at 11:08. So we were talking about a structure for maintaining a collection of disjoint sets. So in the illustration here we have four disjoint sets. The cardinality of this set is 3, I just wanted you to like to connect to the set. This one has 1 set in it this one has 4 this one has 2. Now last time we talked about implementing the functionality of the disjoint sets abstract data type, that abstract data type has two functions. Anyone remember what they are. One of them was just make a set. What are the two other key functions for disjoint sets data type. Union good and find, Wait I don't know where you were. ADT disjoint sets has find and union. Now find you can think of as returning a set in which a particular key resides, but it does so by returning a representative of that set. And union is just like the union you learning in 3rd grade it takes the two sets and puts them together into a single set. The representation we ended up with, the implementation we ended up with is something like this, its called up trees a picture of the upturns that might represent these looks like this and the data the way it looks in memory corresponds to the upturns looks like this. Now I didn't want to look over this because I didn't want you to fall asleep at 11:10, but I will tell you, but I will tell you I put an error in that construct. I want you to take two minutes to refresh your memory on how these things work. And tell me where the error is heaven sakes there may be even more than one error. Find the error in the model versus the data. 