Count down to the game. Ok I'm gonna start because I have some stuff to talk about first. Ok so raise your hand if you knew this was homecoming weekend. Ok not bad, its homecoming weekend that means there is a parade this afternoon at 5:00 its kinda ohhh I don't know what time. Does anybody know what time the homecoming parade is ? 5:00 Ok. Every time I've ever gone its a blast. Um its just i don't know its a great day, um if you're gonna go to a football game this season, this is a good one to go to. The teams are evenly matched, at this point at least in terms of record. And it promises to be a pretty festive affair, um yea. So the problem with this is that I hear that our lab dict is um more challenging than it has been in the past, is that true. So here is what I want to say about that laugh, Um I think it is important because I think dealing with an unfamiliar interface is what you will do authentically everyday in your programming life, dealing with new specifications and how pieces of software tools talk to each other. thats a profoundly important skill. Um its also important to understand how to apply dictionaries and to see them as a tool and a resource for solving problems where you might be kind of surprised that they apply. So those two things together make this actually yes a more challenging lab, but also quiet a more important lab. Now all of that said it is not inconsistent that I am encouraging you to go to the football game and talking about how important this lab is, because you can go to the game and work, no no thats not what I meant. No. No. What I want to do is remind you that our labs are designed to be collaborative, so don't try to do this lab by yourself, don't sit in your dorm room or wherever you chose to work by yourself, trying to crank through this lab, find a white board and a friend and go get it done. Okay, that amount of code you have to write is not a lot, so find a white board and a friend and work together and talk out this lab, because that is when learning, thats when learning happens. Alright any questions about all that. I am going to the football game because we have to go to out of town this weekend, but otherwise we would. Okay. Alright okay, at this point we are into the second half of MP 5, i think nothing about the announcements here surprises you. Ohh the second exam is coming up but still almost two weeks away. So it'll be on Tuesday night November third. Okay. I'll put that here, exam two and I'll put it in red, because you know thats what we do with exams. Okay. And it may 7:30 to 10:30 I don't remember the room reservations, if we don't get the room till 7, we won't start the exam till 730 ish. Okay so last time we were talking about binary search trees and, we sort of have this emotional journey between kind of being disappointed in binary search trees worst case performance. And being encourages by the fact that, on average, though, if you average over all possible binary search trees, that you can build from a collection of data, that result is not so bad. That in fact the average height of a binary search tree is logarithmic, alright so we started of on this new um, uh, avenue of investigation, one which gave us a measurement of how balanced a tree was, now lets talk about this term balanced. It could mean a whole bunch of different things it could mean the number of nodes on each subtree of a binary search tree, it could mean something that we referred to as a rank of a binary search tree, which is sort of like the largest imbedded perfect tree. The rank, yea the the height of the largest imbedded perfect tree. Just another metric, that will not be on the test, probably. Ohhh. Um, but the one that we are focussing on for now, is balancing via height. So making sure that our search algorithms um, traverse subtrees that are approximately equal in height. Okay, so we define this measurement on a tree, um, which is just the difference in the heights of the subtrees, okay no mystery there. Um, I'm not really, I never remember whether this is L-R or R-L it sort of a matter of low level detail, but you can kind of debug when you need to but, uh, so so if you ask me I'll probably look at you empty, with empty eyes uhhhhh. Its the difference that matters, the absolute value of the difference. Okay, so this is a measurement on a tree, this is a characterization of a tree. Ok so, this is a measurement I'll fix that 