When you write the code the node whose heights you need to update the nodes whose heights you need to examine are 80 and 90, the upper ones in this stick because it's easier to do so. We also happen to update 99 but it will never change just so we can use the same little helper function for left and right rotation, I think, if I recall correctly. And 80 and 90 AAAND every node on the way of the tree. Including, in this case, 50. They might change. Any questions about that? Yeah? 
What's the height of 60 here? Heights go down. Heights are measurements so A is a subtree whose root is 60. A is a subtree whose root is 60, height is measured as a distance to a leaf. So when you're looking at A, you're only looking down the tree. Yes, I agree A's level changed but not its height. So again, this is an example of vocabulary that's very easily swapped. Make sure you see the difference between the description of a tree's level and a tree's height. They're kind of almost inverses of one another. Does that make sense, totally clarified? Anything else about this?

Alright, so when we write real code for this beyond just these assignments, we're going to do two things, we're going to assume each node stores its height and then we're going to update the heights as we walk up the tree. Alright, so let's get some practice. Let's get some practice. And as I said, the right rotation is symmetric, I look at this tree and I go oh, it's kinda long on the left, so I'm gonna take it and do a right rotation and fix it. So what's the first thing you do? You find- woah that's cool. K. I know how to fix it... Is it better like that? I don't know I need to be able to dust it quickly.
Alright so you find the stick, and you change it into a mountain. K, I will race you. You don't have to write the code we already did. But I will race you in changing this one to a mountain, k? So I know how to do this it's... 40, 20, 70, and then I've got A and B and C and D. This was an easy one because a lot of them are empty. And I'm going to hook those on here. A and B, C is 50 and 60 and 70's the right child of this 80. Ok! Got it? Yeah? Did you get the same tree? Okay. Check your neighbor. Put your nose over your neighbor's paper. How'd they do? Rat them out if they didn't do any work! 
Just kidding. Oh hi, what's up? Oh nice! (K sorry! Thank you for listening)
Okay. So, we have a beautiful new tree. What do you think? (Cute!)
It didn't help anything. So can you see why- can you see what kinda happened here? Can you see what kind of happened? Why didn't this work? What happened? Anybody want to articulate it? 
