t, good, t, thats right. the least number of nodes you should be flipping back your definition one more than the least number of t that can hold, so this is now two t, now lets do number three, note that for each node in level two, you might have these many children right? so how many are there in level three? two t squared, now we are gonna add all those up, how about level h, two t to the h minus one good, now i add those up, I'm gonna do it like this, I'm say that sum is one plus two times t to the k, remember k goes from zero to h minus one. thats my phrase of the day apparently. what is the sum, what is this. anybody know it just from top of their head, is t to the h minus one over t minus one. two times that. how many t s can be in each one  of the nodes? so we counted nodes and how many t s was the smallest number of t s that can be in the root ? one , right? but the rest of them can have how many t s , do in terms of t, cause its lovely. so the totally number of t is then the number of nodes which is two t to the h minus one over t minus one, times the number of t in each node, which is t minus one. watch this. gone. gone. i love it when it works out like that, and we end out with two t square minus one plus one ? minus two plus minus one. two k h, two t h. any question about it? what are we gonna do next what's this results say. so this means n is at least that. is that what we want? no we want to argue about the height right? so how do we do that. Invert it. invert that inequality . so the least totally number of t is t to the h minus one times two, two t to the h minus 1. write that as an inequality as I just did. rewrite that as an inequality about h, so i will race you. that means, we gotta do n over two plus one, wait, n plus one over two, log base what? log base t of that. and then i get is greater than or equal to h. so h is less than or equal to log base t of this thing. now all logs can be any other logs, right? so we have h is less as all logs are constant factors of one another, so we have h is less than or equal to log base t of some function n, so h is big o of log of n. m is considered fixed. you will go back and look at this. it doesn't tell you anything different than we already analyzed. there you go.