we still haven't found the right spot. we still haven't quite found the right spot, but this is null when this guy is null all we have to do is make a new node and return. so we make a new node and return to the black calling box. the function corresponding to the black triangle. where this blue one is the root. now were gonna do these steps. is it out of balance in the black triangle. is there an imbalance? ok so we don't need to rotate. this should be indented probably. And now does its height need to be updated? yes, so we update its height. right. so now the height of that guy is one. I'll just put it in there, why not i've never really done that before. and now we've computed execution, we have accurate heights of subtrees. and now we pass control back to the green calling function, the recursion at the green level. ok and we follow those steps. is there an imbalance? no so no rotation necessary. do we have a new height? how do we compute that new height. it's the maximum of those 2 plus 1, so that becomes 2. there is a 2 written in there, i'm just gonna go with it. Alright fine, and then we pass control back. Is there an imbalance here? no, so no rotation necessary, but we should update the height, is there a new height? yes, this one becomes three. right, 1, 2, 3. and again its just a comparison of heights and sub nodes and subtrees. and then we pass control back out to the blue.pass control back out to the blue, and what do the steps say. check for imbalance. is it out of balance? yes ok. its out of balance and where have we done the insertion? its out of balance and where have we done the insertion. in the lefts right subtree so what we have here is this. right so we think a double rotation. a left right rotation will fix. and then we update the heights. it may not need a new height but i think its height will be 3 after that rotation, and then we pass control back. ok and then heights are updated again. ok any question about that? i dont want to make the mess of doing the rotation here its not the point. The point is that we can do these things after we insert the node in its correct place. ok lets look at some code. yuck! yuck! this is way too much code for any one function. its way too complex. ok so lets just take a little teeny tiny piece of it and examine that. oh in fact you know what id like you to look at it with your neighbor, and just sort of describe to each other whats going on in this code, you can even stat with the whole function signature if you like. in fact you can  probably fill in the blanks. if you look at this code you can probably fill in the blanks. And i should point out that there are no right right and left left rotations.