Those of you with your hands raised, uhmmmm. I want you to very carefully, instead of just saying the answer then next thing I'm going to ask you is how do you know that's the answer.
So think a little bit about how you know your answer is correct, for those of you that are waiting for me to respond.
It is N*(N-1)/2, where did that come from? Okay so raise your hand, if you were actually going to say (n 2), nC2. Okay so we're going to talk about all of these together. Help me remember that it's the two of you guys okay.  And there's one more way of thinking about this. Yes, the summation of,, k =0 to k =n-1 of K. Okay so you learned early on that all three of these things are equivalents. But, in the context of this particular application of those results, there are different ways of looking at the problem. That leads to each one of them okay? What justifies this, we're counting edges and I want to know why this is a good answer. Who said this one to me?
Very good, excellent
So what he said was look, every edges has two endpoints. Each of those endpoints have to be a vertex. So the total number of ways of choosing edges is the number of vertices choose 2.
Any question about that? That's how many edges there are.
Okay, lets talk about this one next. How do you justify this one. Who said this one? 
How do you justify this one? Oh, it's the shorthand for this one. So let's talk about this one first.
Very good, very good. Okay so here's how we're gonna argue this. I'm gonna start at a particular vertex and say alright, how many new edges can I draw from this vertex. And if there are n vertices, then I can draw an edge to all of the other ones. Or (n-1) and then go to the next vertex and do the same thing. How many can I draw? N-2. Go to the next vertex do the same thing, it's N-3. In the end you end up with a summation that looks like this.
Alright. One last cool thing, to discuss. Okay.
Pretend that I drew, this whole graph, pretend I drew all of the edges here alright. I think I probably missed some. Pretend I drew them all and pretend this is a complete graph with N vertices.
Now what I want to do is count edges by counting end points.
Okay, how many endpoints are there here? (N-1).
How many endpoints are there here (N-1).
How many endpoints are there here (N-1).
How many (N-1)'s do I have, N of them that's right.
N * (N-1), so what's with the division by two. 