Circular, assignment of pointers. And this particular rotation is one that takes the link of the tree and kinda moves it up around 90 for the new root. And because of this dance move, because it's like this, and then up. It is a left rotation. Ok, got that? Cauz it went from this side and move the book of the tree left. And it shadowed dancing. Ok, so this is a left rotation. So this example is a left rotation. So the way I emphasize that sort of implies that there is a symmetric operation called a right rotation where every every left here is replaced with right. And every right here is replaced with left, of course having the swap variable, or do that. But, that the operation itself would be. The operation itself would be an elegance. Okay? Any question about this?  Yes? Em, very good. When we, emm... Well you tell. Oh this is a perfect time to talk about it actually. I don't usually, but this is really good. So I want to know, in this structure, whose heights changed. Okay, and in fact, you can kinda shade it, with your pencil. As you're doing it, sort of, just do a little sketch over the heights in the structure that changed in the rotation from this tree to this one. Which one's changed? I'm gonna do it like this. Sooo, 80's height changed, yeah? 90's height changed. Anybody else is? Height is the longest path from a root to a leaf, in a subtree. Do we change a? Do we change a at all? Do we change any of the nodes inside a? Take a look at a. Do we change a? Nothing's different about a, at all. So none of the heights of its nodes can change. Yeah? No, yeah, we're inserting with the whole tree. I'm not done here. Yeah. Yeah, so did they change? Did v change? Yeah, so none of these subtrees had any heights changed. Um, what about, over here? 20, 30, 40, any that changed at all? Absolutely not, even participating in this rotation, right? Ok, what else changed? Yeah? Yep? Oh, happened not to? Yeah, ye, ok. That's true. 90 happens to not be different, but it might have, if the tree had been shaped differently. Ok, so here's the deal: when you deal 