Okay, I think we won't have the sound today but this is where we are gonna start. I knooow it's like the most important part, right? Okay, umm. So yesterday, so I will... (gibberish). Okay, so it's not my fault this time. Okay, good. (gibberish). Okay, we have here this binary search tree. Umm, one algorithm for checking is to do an in-order traversal to this puppy, printing all the values in order, and then going back through to see if they are actually in increasing order. So there is a really quick way of testing and see. But of course, the most reasonable way to umm, wonder, to ponder whether or not this is a binary search tree is to observe that I'm actually presenting it today, and I wouldn't do so if it were so different from the topic of the day. Here is what I want to know from you, I wanna know two keys in order, that if inserted into this tree, would be siblings? So think about that for a minute. Two keys that if we insert them into this tree, the result would be siblings. Raise your hands when you are ready with an answer. Going old school here. Yeah? Okay, fifty-three and fifty-five. I have always asserted that in order to use the chalk board in this room you have to write a font that big. So can you guys in the back of the room see this? It's good? But I bet you can't see this. Alright, yeah what? Okay. So let's insert those values. Does anybody disagree with that? Anybody think those are crazy numbers. Now won't work... hmm.. Okay, fifty-three. Oh, I'd better do this. :(. I know... Alright, you wanna try again? no? twenty-one. Not good use of class time. Alright... sorry. Ooh, this is working better today. Boingk, boingk, boingk. Okay, and twenty-three once? Okay, click. Twenty-three insert. Boingk, boingk, boingk, click! New purposes for b-boxing. Alright, any questions about it? Okay, let's see soooooooooooooo any questions, so I just want to start here so you kinda remember where we were. Last time we spent a good amount of time talking about removal from a structure like this. You wanna see anything in particular removed from this structure. I do. I wanna see, thirty-five removed from this structure. What I want you to do is to speculate, speculate on what's going to happen here. And observe the order of the structure of the tree can be changed without messing with the order of the tree. So the structure of the tree... there are lots of trees that are binary search trees with that collection of keys. And we can mess around a little bit with where each key dwells in the structure. That's sort of the argument behind the fact that what's gonna happen when we remove thirty-five? What's going to happen? Somebody raise you hand and describe it. If you can recall, yeah Mike go ahead. Okay? Aah, alright. Raise your hand if what he said surprised you. He said go to the right tree, find the left most child, swap it up, and cut off that thirty-six. Raise your hand if that surprised you. Nobody? You and I were both surprising we are the only ones. We are the only ones. Okay, fine. Surprises me. I wanna make you say why it surprises you. Surprise me because I thought he was gonna say it was going to do this. I don't know what that was. I thought it was going to do this. I thought was going to say. Ooh!