Alright fine, what are the running times of those functions? Oh, they are Big O of n, but you can say something tighter. You can say something faster. So remember, Big O of something is like less then or equal to, and so yes, you could say that they're Big O of 2^n too. The question is what's the very least thing you can say, what's the very tightest thing you can say, log(n) is correct, that's right, we showed, we argued that these things run in time log(n) because the height of the tree is log(n) and the navigation for the code is the height of the tree. OK, fine, this structure can be built in time, how long does it take to build a heap out of previously unordered data, do you remember?  This was all of last time's class, pretty much, or a huge portion of last times class meeting.  Yes, linear time, so we can build a heap really really quickly.  Big O of n is the next blank and that helps us do it's the first step in doing a sort, an in-place sort called heap sort, and the running time of that in-place heap sort is nlog(n).  That's right.  Good. So that's the summary of last time, anybody want to close the loop for me on why the picture reminds us of a heap? Yeah, if you build a human pyramid, you put the lightest person on top. That's right. And if they get removed, then you have somebody climb up to be, wait no, not that.  Ok, let me see how were doing here, oh my gosh, oh it's going to be a long day, OK, so I'm actually flipping my page, if I were on, if I actually had my laptop, I would advance the slide, and so you're going to move to the slide that says remembering CS 173.  DUN! DUN! DUN! and the verbage says let r be an equivalence relation, raise your hand if your stomach turned just a little bit there.  On the set of students in this room, OK, I say a couple hands go up over there. Hey, so we have an equivalence relation on us, except that I'm not a student, so on you, there's an equivalence relation where any pair of you are related to one another if you have the same favorite among this set.  Now, before we actually talk about the equivalence relation itself, I want you to help me figure out what goes in the blank in that set.  What goes in the blank in that set? So I, the set contains a,fb,tr,cc,pmc what's the last one? It depends what those other's are right?  There might be an obvious one if you can figure what those others are.  fb is not Facebook, though it might be I guess, no its not Facebook. Its not football either. First blood, did you say first blood?  That's what we say when you guys are taking exams if somebody finishes their exam and leaves the room, we call it first blood. yeah. Is it cruel, I don't know, it's funny it's like a little incite, what are these things? what's cc, not carbon copy, what is cc? name something that's cc.  Closed caption, not carbon copy, not closed caption, not nearly so boring, these are fun, come on! that's a big hint.  What did you say?  Captain crunch, so you think they're cereals, no.  That would have been good though, next year I'll do that. What are they? 