Um that degree is the number of children they can have, degree is the number of edges coming out. Okay? Okay? So where is the four value? Four is the number of the keys that you have because its one less than the number of nodes coming out. So you can have five coming out. Let's fill one up and you'll see it. Well, Oh, this is so much fun. Okay, We need to insert a few values, okay? And I think you will be good if we insert a whole bunch of values over here for now, okay? Just cause I want to you see it again and then I actually want you see what happens when we throw up. I love saying that, throw up to the root when there's no room, okay? All right, so I am gonna insert a button here, maybe shrink it just a little. Oh, there! Perfect! Insert 30, umm, insert, I don't know, 40.  Make sure that you are following where all these go, okay? Follow alone. You all have the speculation. Insert 40. Oh, what happened? A threw up. Threw one up. All right, fine. Now notice the degree of the root, the degree of the root is 4, right? The degree of the root is 4, it has four edges coming out of that and it has three things in it. As I said, there is a child node between every pair of this and one at each end. Notice if I hide all this, if I hide this center thing, you'll have a binary tree, pretty much a binary search tree, right? If I hide, you know, if you have one node and two things on the side, a binary search tree, right? It just behaves differently. I think I want to do something like enter 5, 7. Now what? 8? Okay? 8. Oh, Okay? Got it? We got do do this one more time. We must. It's awesome. All right, I think this middle child is feel little neglected. So, let's insert 16. That's a joke, middle child neglected, you know. I I hate it when you miss my jokes, especially when they are bad. You are ready? I am inserting 20. All right. Oh. Dung dung dung. Are you ready? Are you ready? Yes? Okay, I wish I can slow it down. All right, I am putting in 26. All right. Okay. Insert, you know, insert 26. Oh! It threw up twice. It's stupid, stupid. Okay, got it? Yes. This is a good question. It miss a giggle every time. All right so the question is if I chose a maximum degree which was odd, in fact when we talk about btree, that's called the order of that btree, the order of this btree is 5, the question is how can we deal with even order? Would you like speculate any idea? The design moment, right? How can we deal with even degree, or even orders? What do you think? You want to answer you own question with a guess?






