Okay.. any question about it?

Simple code, complex... complex ideas, simple code.

Alright, any questions?

You good?

Okay. 

I wanna start with remove. We've got, according to my watch, we have three minutes and so I wanna leave you.. I wanna leave you hanging in the middle of removeMin, okay?

So where's the minimum, always? At the root. Dunk!

I'll.. I'll.. I'll return it every time. [GASP] The heap is broken!

We have broken the heap by removing the minimum. 

What are we gonna do?

It's like cutting off your right and left arms, what on earth are we gonna do?

We need some glue.

We need some glue to glue it back together.

Where might the glue come from?

In this case, okay so I'm gonna do this in red and that's a little bit of a hint that it's gonna get erased later.

Okay? Okay?

So.. uh.. we might say oh look! We can just move five up, right?

And then we could just move nine up, right?

And then we could just move twelve up, 

but then,

it's not a complete tree!

Ugh.....

Okay. So I'm gonna erase all that cause that breaks the completeness which kind of breaks our whole reason for using the array to begin with.

Okay.

The only element of the tree, the only node in the tree that I have easy access to, that I can grab without breaking anything else is...

eleven, okay?

So here's.. here's the justification, I know I need to remove something from the structure, I know I need to remove something from the structure. 

The easiest thing to remove from the whole thing is eleven.

So I'm gonna remove eleven and use it as the glue, okay.

Where.. I.. where the thing I really want to ..[gibberish].. remove lives.

Okay so I'm gonna remove eleven. Whoops.

I shouldn't do this part in red cause it's actually gonna work.

[Gibberish].. usually.

Okay so we're gonna remove eleven. Perfectly fine. Use it as the glue up here.

And we're good right?

No..., what are you gonna do? How're you gonna fix this?

Swap eleven with... five in this example, in general it's minimum child, okay.

So we're gonna swap with the minimum child. 

So swap eleven with five.

And then we swap eleven with nine.

Oops.

And then we swap eleven with twelve.

Uh.. no.

No.

No.

Then we observe that eleven is greater than both of its parents so we can quit, okay?

Any question about that? Yeah?

Okay you guys, he can't talk if you're loud. Go ahead.

Not necessarily, not necessarily and first of all anytime you say the word shift, I'm gonna go [gibberish]... right?

Um.. but, but also you can mess up the order by doing that. You don't know anything about the relative values of these keys with these keys, okay?

Alright see you next time, we'll implement it next time.