OK Let's work, so i wanna talk for a minute about the exam coming up, so i wanna make sure that you hear there words that the exam is on Tuesday, not Wednesday, um, Wednesday is a pain in the ass,  we did not like it very much, so we are moving it back to Tuesday,  and the conflict exam is, should you need it, is the following morning, that will be Wednesday morning, taken before class meets, but we can be able to be a little flexible inside the morning window, the larger morning window. Let's see, there will be review sessions this weekend, and I am still waiting to hear from course staff when they would like to do them. from rooms reservation, we need to make the room reservations, then we will let you know. So i f you are not yet connect to the class on Piazza, now is the good time to do so because that is where we will announce it. that's where we will announce the review session this weekend. We talked about this morning in the format is gonna be very similar to the past exams, which means multiple choice, lots of running time questions, so will paint a little scenario for you and ask how long will this take, how long will this take. And um, let's see, and a couple of programming questions, did you understand the work you did for the mps, that type of questions. One thing that will be different is that there will be an exam booklet, decoupled from the solution paper, so it does not surprise you that you will be writing your solutions on a page that we will be scan for improved efficiency in grading. So don' let it surprise you taht your exam booklet is separate from your long solution paper. Ok, I think that is all I wanna say about the exam, today, I am like I said, we will keep you opportunity for review. Are there any questions before I start? Do you have anything new you wanna ask? about it? The materials to be covered is everything from stack and queues through Friday. and if I don't start on the material, you will miss out on the chance to be tested on B-trees. So l should better get started. Last time, we sort of refreshed out memory on the definition of Big-O. The key observations here is that we are looking at, we are trying to assess an upper bound on the running times of our algorithms. So in this definition,  F of N represents the true running time of of algorithm, ok, represents the true running time of four algorithms, and G of N is some function that we use to communicate its quality, the quality of the algorithm, or the speed of the algorithm.Now, that is said, this inequality allows us to make G as big as possible, right? but, smaller is better when you are talking about the quality of an algorithm, so typically when we talk about BIG O, and we have a function here, we want the lowest possible version of the function, the lowest possible function that we could put in there. We say we want a tight bound, tight upper bound on the running time. And that is, again, reiterate because we use this Big O to reflect the quality of our algorithm. Nobody who can run a four minute mile, goes around saying oh yeah, I can run mile in less than eight minute. right that is what I am talking about right here. Yes I can run a mile in less than four minutes. right? like they get down as low as possible. 