[silence] May you never have this feeling that I have right now. This feeling that I have may you never have it in your life. Don't take a job where whether or not you're happy depends on whether your screen rotates. I think I got it -- yeah. But thank you. Thanks. You could sit right there just in case I'm lying. YAY!!! Thank you Ian. Okay. [gibberish]... input... this... no... Alright. Okay, so let's play around a little with this a little bit. Umm, if you recall, we use this fundamental operation called a Rotation to maintain balance in a tree. A rotation is simply a reordering of the nodes - well - a restructuring of the nodes in such a way that the heights of the tree are changed, but the order of the keys in the tree are not changed. So, my question for you is first of all is this a balanced tree? Is this a balanced, a height balanced, tree? Yes it is. The difference in no subtree in no pair of subtrees is greater than 1. So this is a height balanced tree. Alright - I want you to tell me a key I can enter that will unbalance this tree. Somebody raise their hand. This is a good one. This a good opportunity to be brave to speak in class because there are lots of keys that will work here. Yes, what key could I enter that would unbalance this tree? 85. Okay, everybody make sure they see where 85 would go in a binary search tree. Umm, insert. You see it? Where it would go? Okay, now walk up the tree and look from 85 and look for the first node that is out of balance - an unbalanced subtree. That key is... 36. Good, 74 is still fine, because in that case right - left would be 1. We put up with that. But 36 would then be out of balance. Now, my question is intuitively, instinctively, what kind of rotation would you expect to fix it? A left rotation. Good. Now, make a guess, an instinctive guess, whether or not it is a double or a single rotation. Whether it is a rightLeft or just simply a left. Single rotation is correct. Okay, so let's watch that happen.  Do this... Do this... 85... Insert - are you ready? K... Insert... Boink... Come one... Insert... Okay laptop, VGA... Happy, happy, happy... K... Insert... No, come on... Nothing is working - I got nothing from my stylus... Refresh the page, them 85 goes away. I think what I need to do is reboot my machine and let microsoft do its work, but that's sad. [Groans]. Oh, watch this. I can do... 40. Remove... delete... [silence]... 