Okay! Umm Yeah. We're gonna talk here of it. Ummm so we're gonna work today. Umm I'm going to remain silent about the test because there are people still taking it. So you can ask me all you want and I will look at you with blank eyes. I'm not going to respond. Yeah, so. So I think we're gonna focus on things going forward. On Friday I'll have a better grip on what the grading process is going to be like, but I just don't want to talk about it today. So I guess I asked for that courtesy. So MP6 is on your plate. I've a couple of things to say about this point in the semester. I think yesterday was your worst day for this class this semester because the exam was pending, MP6 was out, BTrees lab. You might have not known that yesterday was the worst day, but yesterday was the worst day. The BTrees lab is this week and it is known to be the hardest lab. Rather than simplify it, I'm going to make it worth double credit. So if you decide to invest the time in it, you get a little bit of a bump for having done so. I'm don't want to shorten the lab, I still think it's a good experience, worth the investment, but I'm going to give extra credit for the time you invest in it. So, one of the points on the lab is extra credit, basically. So now instead of having 14 points associated with the labs for the class, we have 15 points associated with the labs in the class. So that 10 of those we're counting on you in order to get your A, now there are 5 potential extra credit points. Does that clarify it? So you won't be penalized for your decision making process any more than if you decide not to go for some extra credit. Yes! It'll still be due on Sunday. Mike! Yup! That's right. Which is like almost up half a letter grade. This class is so cake. Hahahaha! Just kidding. Alright. We should work. Let's play school. Oh yeah! Ok. Alright, finally today is the day we're done with trees. We're gonna move on to hash tables. Probably atleast for my perspective as somebody who likes to get things done in python, probably hash tables are sort of the most important data structure. For the kinds of things that I do. Now if I were a scientist and I was doing a different kind of computing day to day, then this might not be true. I might be more interested in being able to search regions of things. Hash tables don't give you that. But suffice to say that this stuff is important. So, what does it mean when we talk about hashing. It simply means that we're going to use this data structure called hash tables to implement abstract data type dictionary. Okay? Let's see if we can get anything to work at all today.