May you never have this feeling that I have right now. This feeling that I have may you never have it in your life. Don't take a job were it depends - whether or not your happy depends on whether your screen rotates. I think I got it in, but thank you. You can sit right there just in case I'm lying. Yay! Thank you, Ian. OK. Pen, input. oh. alright. ok, so let's play around with this a little bit. If you recall we use this fundamental operation called rotation to maintain balance in a tree. A rotation is simply a recording of the nodes, well a restructuring of the nodes in such a way that height of the tree are changed, but the order of the keys in the tree are not changed. So my question for you is first of all is this a balanced tree? Is this a balanced, a height balanced tree? Yes, it is. The difference in no subtree in no pairs of subtrees is greater than one. So this is a height balanced tree. Alright, I want you to tell me a key I can enter that will unbalanced this tree. Somebody raise their hand, this is a good opportunity to be brave to speak in class because there are lots of keys that will work here. Yes, what key could I enter that would imbalance this tree? 85 ok everybody make sure they see where 85 would go in a binary search tree insert, you see it where it would go? ok now walk up the tree and look for 85 and look for the first node that is out of balance, that is the root of this unbalanced subtree. that key is 36, good, 74 is still fine right because in that case right minus left would be one. We put up with that. But 36 would then be out of balance. Now my question is intuitively, instinctively what kind of rotation would you expect to fix it? A left rotation good. Now make a guess, an instinctive guess whether it is a double or single rotation. Whether it's a right-left or simply just a left. Single rotation is correct, so let's watch that happen. Um do this, do this. 85. insert, are you ready? ok oh insert boink. come one. insert. ok laptop VGA happy happy happy. insert. no come on. nothing's working, there I've got nothing for my stylus. Refresh the page then 85 goes away. I think what I need to do is reboot my machine and let Microsoft do the work, but that's sad. Awwww. Oh watch this, I can do 40 remove delete