Last two digits you has to know you fourth time table pretty well, right? Five, easiest one, and the one place good, six, two and three, seven. No body ever knew a rule for seven, right? about about eight? Was there a rule for eight? Last three Digits? Long division skill. Or it is your eighth time table pretty well. How about nine? Yes, some of the digits is again. Ok. It is that whole seven thing always buged me a lot. If it is like 8, you could do like divided by half and then do it with 4. There is no rule for seven, really a problem for me. It turns out that there is a little graph that could help you out with the divisibility by 7. It is a algorithms for checking. I am going to go through it very quickly. You will not be tested on this, it is nifty. You start at the circle node on the top, this is an example of a finite state machine. A particularly finite state machine, of which a graph is a key component, for each digit D in the given number, starting from the left as if the number is a string, I am not sure if it matters. For each digit follow D blue edges, after you do that, follow the red edge. So it is blue for the magnitude and then follow a red. For example, when I read the three, I am gonna go one, two, three, got it? And then, followed the red. So after the red, I am in that state. Any questions?  Now let us do seven, cause it is fun. Do it in a different color even. Now seven. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. and then one, the red one, to go here. Ok. Now zero, so I don't go anywhere but I do have to follow the red, and then, three, one, two, three, follow the red, oh, look. If you end up in the circle node, your number is divisible by seven. Alright, any questions? I will tell you how you come up with it. It is cool .In CS376 you used to study things and it would be a homework problem in that class long time ago. I am not sure if they have time for fun little puzzle like this now, but this is.. What do you think each vertex represent? Mode seven, very good. So my guess is that 3000 is what ever the first one is mode 7, and then, the seven get you back to that thing. It takes that all the way around. It has to do with with the values mode 7 to get the divisibility of powers of ten mode 7. A number theory class, not know it very clear. This is a graph applications, who know. You could wright code to do that very fast. When I firstly got there, one of a faculty person who ended up being my advisor who is now a friend, told me that finite date machine, were just programs. And then I asked what are you talking about, one of them is like this combinatory structure that you can build picture out of. One of them is a way of speaking, a way of control data. They cannot possibly the same thing. But he is right about it of course, a advisor always are. Not true, but in this case, he was.  Basically, you are changing the state of your system conditionally. If you see something like three, you increase it by three. What ever you see there is the value you use implement the state of the diagram. There is code all over the place, I am pretty sure, that you could actually wright the code to do this by looking at the diagrams. 