if we equivalently argue that the number of nodes is left center equal to some function of h then we can just invert get this argument does that make sense in calculus 1 is a prerequisite for this course prerequisite prerequisite of the course. so cal 1 is ok so what is about the some function that will are talking make this thing ok you know? you know what is it we have to say about our functions to be look ok to make argument about the inverse. one to one? yeah we get that because it is monotonically increasing ok so f of n is increasing function so we can inverted ok? all right any question about it ok umm this is ok because f of n is monotonic and thus one to one. all right so lets do this this is focus on focus on that now look we are putting an upper bound on the number of nodes  so it is upper bound we are saying number of nodes is less than or equal to some function i don't care of decoration here some function of h so h is the parameter the function we are going to be writing. so this is it what is the maximum number of the nodes in the tree of the height h. h parameterize  it n is the what we are going to count we are going to let m of h denote this m of h is our function that is that max number of nodes in a tree of height h. ok? now. what is m of h if h is empty? or tree is empty what is m of h the maximum number of the nodes in a empty tree? what is it? 0 good ok what if the tree is not empty? then the maximum number of nodes in a tree height h is? what is the expression for this i am sorting giving you hint. no don't think so hard. +1 -1 ehehhehe. nooo think about it. i don't know the maximum number of nodes is. but i know that it is the maximum of nodes in the left sub-tree right? plus the maximum number of nodes in the right sub-tree because in order to maximize the whole thing we have to maximize the each sub-tree plus the root. so the maximum numbers of the nodes in  the tree of height h is one plus 2m of h -1 and look what we have we have recurrence. this ooops. this and this together are recurrenceyes? all right we are not happy with recurrence so is the solution to the recurrence? 