if we equivalently argue that the number of nodes is less than or equal to some function of h. then we can just invert things to get this argument, does that make sense? so remember calc I is a prerequisite for this course I believe. probably a prerequisite for a prerequisite of this course. ok. so calc I is ok. so what is it about the functions we're talking about that make this thing ok? do you know? do you know what it is we have to say about our function to make it OK to make an argument about the inverse? one to one? yeah, and we get that because its monotonically increasing. so f(n) is an increasing function so we can invert it. right. any questions about it? ok, this is ok cause f(n) is monotonic and thus one to one. alright, so let's do this. this is what you focus on. focus on that. now look. we're putting an upper bound on the number of nodes. so it's an upper bound we're saying the number of nodes is number or less than some function. i don't care about all this. the declaration here. some function of h. so h is the parameter to the function we're going to be writing. so this is it. what is the maximum number of nodes in a tree of height h? h parameterized it, n is what we're counting. we're going to let m(h) denote this. m(h) is our function that is the max number of nodes in a tree of height h. ok. now. what is m(h) if h is empty? or if the tree is empty? what is m(h), the maximum number of nodes in an empty tree? what is it? zero, good. ok. what if the tree is not empty? then the maximum number of nodes in a tree of height h is? what's an expression for this? i've sorta given you a hint. no, don't think so hard. plus one, minus one, i don't know. think about it. i don't know what the maximum number of nodes is, but I know that it is the maximum number of nodes in the left subtree, right? plus the maximum number of nodes in the right subtree because in order to maximize the whole thing we have to maximize each of the subtrees. plus the root. so the maximum number of nodes in a tree of height h is 1 + 2m(h-1). and look what we have, we have this nifty little recurrence. this - this and this together are recurrence, yes? alright, we're not happy with recurrence though clearly. what's the solution to that recurrence? 