BLANK
I owe you twenty minutes of your life, I am so sorry, alright
so
on my pen works, life is good
s and t are elements of set R
so equivalent relations are just a set of pairs of things are related to on another
if these two students have the same favorite among all of those
so I used to do this
I used to do that and I am thinking that that's still like you know
is there anything better than plants vs zombies I don't know
so a couple of you, what are you initials
AM, what are your initials?
AB? OK
These two students told me that they shared an affinity for a Garrio
they didn't know that's what they were doing
so I want to point out to you
at this point is that
there are lots of ways of representing equivalent relations
one of them is via a set of pairs
where the set of pairs have particular relations
particular characteristics
and those characteristics are
the pairs are reflexive, symmetric and transitive 
remember all of that?
so now. what I want you to do is to raise your hands if A is among your favorite video games
 what are your initials?
also AB?
So I will make you the other AB
And note he is related to everybody else in the set
no matter what
somebody else, one more person for Garrio is the best ever?
OK, I am gonna make somebody up
This is out local ghost
Note that person or that ghost that entity would be related to everybody else in that set
among these choices
raise your hands if your favorite is flappy birds
ok, there are a bunch of you right?
How would you characterize if I drew the graph that represented your collection of relationships
how would you describe that graph
it is a complete graph
so it is a graph containing every possible edge
and there are tons of students and we can figure out how many edges there are
oh my, we don't have time for this
but it's a complete graph and the key thing to observe is 
there is no edge that crosses over from one complete subgraph to the other
so such an edge does not exist
and more over we 
could make a set of things corresponding to Temple Run people and the Cookie Clicker people
who don't want to admit it, pocket minecraft people
didn't I not say that yet?
It is the P confusing, if I just left MC it would have been ok?
Any question about that? now
and moreover
if I say choose a favorite 
from among that set
that I can rest assured that everybody in this room will be in one of these subsets, yes?
because I am gonna insist? Do you like any of those games?
Who doesn't like any of those games? I insist that you choose one though
I am asking a question where I can be sure that everybody in this room as grudgingly as they may be
would have an entry somewhere have a vertex somewhere on this table on this slide ok?
Alright, any question about that?
What I would like to point out is that the diagram here the roughly sketched nervous diagram
is a collection of disjoint set, representing 
