We can talk about that later. So, the question is about the conflict exam and my understanding is that there are university rules for qualifying for the conflict exam and of course we are going to follow the university rules. So you probably either have a conflict or you don't, so I dont know where the fuzziness is. Oh, I, you know, our exams at this point are so consistent distribution wise. They're consistent over semesters even. In fact, I'm kind of anxious to see, so this semester is the first time in a very long time where i'm not writing the exams. So i'm really interested to see at the end of the semester whether the grade distributions over individual exams when we look at the whole semester if they deviate. I think they won't very much. You know, the first exam, from my perspective, had a pretty perfect distribution. So, you shouldn't expect wild differences in averages. Okay, should we work? Yes, let's get it over with, right? Okay, I'm going to ask you on Monday what you did this weekend that gave you joy, okay? So, I'm just going to ask you so I just want you to think about that for this weekend a little bit. Alright, so we were talking about hashing and I wanted to kind of clarify the perspective on hashing. I wanted to paint a picture for you. We were using these structures called hash tables to implement a dictionary, okay? Now, when we implement a dictionary it means we are providing to the client, that's this code, the users of the dictionary, particular functions. Now in a dictionary all those functions are key value centric, like they depend on having a unique key and they are a way of accessing values or data associated with that key. Okay, that should all have been review, you should practically be falling asleep in that particular discussion. Now, what needs to be clarified I believe is that a common interface to a dictionary is via an associative array kind of like this. Where we treat the key type as the type of thing that can be an index. Okay? Is that clear? Make sense? Alright so that's very very common so that an associative array is a particular interface to a dictionary. Now, all the stuff that we talked about last time is concerned primarily with the implementation of this ADT and its interface. And that implementation itself is referred to as a hash table. So this is the picture that we have. Here is the client code and here is what they know, they can do dictionary type things here. But here is what is what's going on behind the scenes. Behind the scenes we have a class Dict that receives via the functions, it receives a key and a value. Hold on, let me get there. It receives a key and a value. So input into the function, the member functions of this class, are k and v. Okay? So here is what happens, k is sent off to this hash function where a small integer is created and that integer is used to denote a place in the array that into which you're going to store the value. Okay? Yeah okay fine. Better? Yeah. Alright any question about that? Now the problem that we began to talk about last time, what happens if your hash function is not a perfect hash function, that is especially if it is not one-to-one, so we might ask a question, what if H(k) is not one-to-one? We are going to handle that and talk about that later today, this is foreshadowing. By coming up with a collision resolution strategy, that is what do we do when the lack of one-to-one-edness in our hash function appears, or is manifest by the particular set of data that we get. That is the stuff today, what do we do? 