Anybody in this room love their surface pro 3? Not one single person, what does that tell you? Alright, I don't know what to do here. I'll let you share my pain, I'm fairly certain that I can connect. Connecting to class, yay! Nothing, I got nothing. You should quit your slideshow, if all else fails just quit your slideshow. Watch, are you watching? How do you restart it? Just power? It's going to have like 10 minutes of updates because I never restart it. What should we talk about? What did you do this weekend? I'll tell you what I did this weekend, are you interested? I watched Gilmore Girls for the first time with my daughter. I had never seen it before so it was great. Alright, anything else? Anybody want to share. Did anyone eat anything good? Unusual food? [student muttering] Who didn't eat chicken? you have to indulge me here, it's monday. Alright, where are we here? Updates are available, I bet you. [student muttering] Connected ha, ha, that's nice. An update is being installed yes! I'm almost there guys, this was the right advice. [video playing] I'm sorry. Yay! I can't believe you're late geez! Sorry everybody. Um, alright, we don't usually talk about hashing tables, that's the fastest way to get someone to go "that person doesn't know what they are talking about". We usually talk about hash tables. Uh, so let's do that. I actually would like to hear what delightful things happened to you this weekend. I stayed overnight in Siebel for a slumber party and it was not the first time I stayed overnight in Siebel but it was the first time I had a pillow. So that was exciting. Alright, hash table consists of what? This is like waking up friday. What the heck is a hash table? By asking you about this, I'm asking you about the implementation. Okay, so how do we implement a hash table. What do we need for sure? Name 1 thing. Somebody raise their hand. Yes, an array, very good! So we need an array and that's just your plain old dynamic array right, indexed by numbers. It's the internals of the interface. This is for implementation purposes. Okay, what else do you need? A hash function. Good. We talked last time about that function's qualities. And what else do you need? Right! A collision resolution strategy. 