 I like owe you 10 minutes of your life. I owe you 20 minutes of your life. I'm so sorry. Alright. Alright so S and T are elements of the set R, so equivalence relations are just sets of pairs of things that are related to one another, if these two students have the same favorite among all of those. So I used to do this, I used to do that but I'm thinking that still is there anything better than Plants versus Zombies, I don't know, right? Alright so a couple of you, what are your initials? What are your initials? "AM" What are your initials? "AB"? Okay. Okay these two students told me that they shared an affinity for Agar.io. So what I want to point out to you at this point is that there are lots of different ways of representing an equivalence relation. One of them is via a set of pairs, where the set of pairs have particular relation, or characteristics. And those characteristics are the pairs that are reflexive, symmetric and transitive. Alright remember all of that? So now what I want you to do is raise your hand if A is your favorite among those handheld games. Okay what are your initials? AB? Okay I'm going to make you the other AB. And note that he's related to everybody else in the set no matter what. Okay one more person, for whom Agar.io is the best ever. Okay I'll make someone up, a local ghost. And note that that person or that ghost would be related to everybody else in that set. Now, among these choices raise your hand if your favorite is flappy bird. Okay there's a bunch of you! How would you characterize if I drew a graph that represented your collection of relationships, how would you describe that graph? It is a complete graph, right? So it's a graph containing every possible edge, and it's tons of students and we could figure out how many edges there are. But we don't have time for this. But it's a complete graph and the key thing to observe is that there is no edge that crosses over from one complete subgraph to the other. So such an edge doesn't exist. And moreover we could make a set of things corresponding to the Temple Run people and the Cookie Clicker people, who don't want to admit it, and the pocket Minecraft people, but did I not say that yet? Is the P confusing? If I had left MC would it have been okay? Ok so any question about that? Now the fact that I can, and moreover if I say choose a favorite, from among that set, then I can rest assured that everybody in this room will be in one of these subsets. Yes? Right? Because I'm going to insist, do you like any of those games? Who doesn't like any of those games. I insist that you choose one though. I'm asking a questions where I can be assured that everybody in this room, as begrudgingly as they may be would have an entry somewhere would have a vertex on this table or slide. What I'd like to point out that this diagram here, roughly sketched diagram is a collection of disjoint sets representing ...