There isn't a wrong answer here. Oh if you insert a new key, that is radical. So what you do is you just choose a median whichever one you want, you can choose the lessor median or the greater median, of the values. It doesn't really matter. It creates a little bit of an iniquity in terms of the number of keys in each one. But uh, it just doesn't really matter. Does that make sense? So, still take as close as you can to the center value to split the node. That's all. Alright, any other questions about it? About this process? okay so here is what i know to be true. We are going to do analysis of these things and argue about their utilities to us. Excuse me, as a data structure. Um, And you are responsible for knowing about that analysis on your exam coming up. But, you won't be implementing this until next week. And I believe you only implement insert. I actually never played around with all these, I don't know how you can suck them back together after you removing from them. Where you waiting for that? Alright. So i have never play around with that at all. Any questions about it? I suspect there might be a process of you just go ahead and remove until they get too small and then you reformat the tree sort of like resizing an array. Sort of like when we use a linear  structure and we we resize upward and downward. And i wanna say that in actuality the implement of this. The real implementation as out of course structure has to do with file layout. How you layout your data in a file. And that is more of a subject to the databases class than it is to this class. I want you to know the structure exists that not all data fits in memory and I want you to have the experience with the analysis of it. But the actual nitty griddy performant, not so much for this class. Any question about that? Did anybody have any question about this structure? Delete 25? What do you think will happen? Oh you know what. This is actually a reasonable thing. 25 and I am going to shrink it a little bit so we can see it as it goes. Ready? I don't know what is gonna happen here. What do you think? 20 is gonna come up. Then this one is gonna have.. I don't know. I don't even know. Delete. It was a two child remove right? Should put it back in? I can do this all day. I am sorry if this is boring you. Oh see, it doesn't. No. Here I got it. I got this.