Circular assignment pointers. And this particular rotation is one that takes the length of tree and kinda moves it up and around 90 for the new root. And because of this dance move, because it is like this, and then up, it is a left rotation. Okay, you got that? Because it went from this side, and move the bulk of tree left, and it shadow dancing. Okay, so this is a left rotation. So this example is a LEFT ROTATION. So the way I emphasize that sort of imply that there is a symmetric operation called a right rotation, where everything, everything left here replaces with right, and every right here is replaced with left, of course having a swap variable, before you do that, but the operation itself would be analogous. Okay, any question about this? Yes? Oh, very good. When we ... eh .. well you tell..  Oh this is a perfect time to talk about this actually, I don't usually , but this is really good. I want to know in this structure, whose height changed. And in fact you can kinda of shaded it with you pencil as you doing it, sort of just do a little scratch over the height in the sturcture that changed in the rotation from this tree to this one. Which one changed? I am gonna do it like this. So..... 80's height changed, yeah, 90's height changed . Anybody else? Height is the longest path from a root to a leaf in a subtree. Did we changed  Did we changed a at all we change where it is located, but did we changed any of the nodes inside A? Take a look at A, did we changed A? Nothing is different about A at all. So none of the height of its nodes can changed. Yeah? No yeah, we are answering with the whole  jam, I am not done here yeah. So they changed, did B changed? so none of these subtree had any heights that changed, what about over here? 20, 30 ,40 any of that changed at all? absolutely not even participating in this rotation right? Okay what else changed? Happen not to?  yeah.. this is true. 90 happens to not be different. But it might have if the tree has been shaped differently. Okay, here is the deal, DE....AL...