Very long running is good enough, I think. All right, any question about that. So it doesn't really matter in the performance whether we do binary search in that case. Of course you could. And in fact, hack, these nodes, each one of them, they can be an avl tree if you want it and instead of keep your array. So you can build them into an avl if you want it, or whatever, right? Like the nodes themselves can be different structures, it's just an an array of data, just the question of how much it can hold. Okay, any question about this? All right, the height of btree determines this sort of the introduction to the analysis of this thing. Probably gonna do the analysis really quickly cause they only have 5 minutes. The height of btree determines the number of disk seeks and it's the number of the disk seeks that determines the running time. That's what we want to minimize and what we want to analyze here. We want to be able to say the height of the structure and thus the number of the disk seeks is no more that, How tall do you think these things are? How tall do you think these things are for n pieces of data? Log, did you say log, yeah, good. Log of the size of the size of the data. Now what the base of the log? M, good. Cause the each level basically allowing for dividing our data into, dividing our data by m. Okay. As we saw a case of avl tree finding an upper bound on the height is same as finding a lower bound for the keys. So that's what we are gonna do, again. Um, and we are gonna find the relationship. And this is what we are trying to prove here.  All right, any question about this? Okay, fine. Um, we are going to look at, we are gonna look at this level by level. We are not gonna think recursively about this because I haven't actually define a btree recursively. Could, but I haven't define a btree recursively so we are not gonna look at it recursively. Okay, so n of h is again, we are going to say the minimum number of nodes in each level of a btree of order m. Now this is nodes in a level, not keys in a level, okay? Nodes in a level, not keys in a level. n of h is min number of keys in level h. Okay, so what's the minimum, oh, for your convenience, this will help you. Ah, yeah, this helps. We are gonna let t equals the celling over 2. So this is the number of children, the minimum number of children a node can have. We are gonna let t equal the ceiling over 2. Okay, what's the minimum of nodes, not keys, in a, uh, in the root? Minimum number of nodes, not keys, what's, what is it? How many nodes are there ever in a root. Thank you. Okay, now things get interesting, a little more interesting, what's the minimum number of nodes in the second level of the tree. If I got one in the root, how many nodes do I have? Not keys, nodes. Okay, now I lied, now things get interesting. okay? Okay, here's the root, here its children, here's the nodes, how many children might becoming off of here. Notice the degree of each of this is the number of nodes in the next level. What's the smallest value?