Okay. We're in the middle of it, we have no exams coming up, I'm hoping to have histogram on exam 1 on Friday for you should hear from us about your exam results sometime between now and then. I haven't looked to see what the progress is of grading, but I do know that one grad student gave me their rubric only yesterday. So, I think that they gave us rubric only yesterday or so. So, its grading is not done but it's happening. So, we'll get there. Let's see. That's all I have in the way of announcements. Are there any administrative questions or issues, that you know of, what you wanna ask? Finals on Monday evening, is that right? Monday night. seven to ten. That might be ideal time for final actually. So, the question is, will there be a MP over the break? and the answer is no, we didn't count the break as time that you would put toward MP, but there will be one that's assigned. So, our intention is that you start working on it before you leave and then take a week off, and then come back and you will still have plenty time to work on it. So, that's the intention. But it is out there. So, it's not quite true for me to say there isn't one cuz there kind of is. All right. So, I have a secret mystery data structure today, here it is, here's the picture of it; that's supposed to be a bag. First, what I want you to do is experiment and ask me what kinds of things I am willing to put in my bag. I'm not gonna put anything in right now, but I want you to query me and say "can I put this in your bag". We're thinking of types of things. So, here's the yes colum, I'll put these in my bag, and here is the no column; I will not put these in my bag. So, go ahead, I'm willing to entertain suggestions. Oh, I wish I had a cookie to give to you! That's a really good and deep question. Oh, can you give him a cookie? Now I wish I had a kitten to give to you! Who's got a kitten? Alright. A bag, I don't think I can't put another bag in my bag. And I don't think I can't. So this is my bag. Good question. Wow. That might be a question of semester right there. Fruit. No, I can't put fruit in my bag. I'll even generalize I'll not put in food in my bag of any kind. Ask! Yes? No, I don't have a way of putting people in the bag. Yeah? Can I put nodes? I cannot put nodes in. You guys stink! You can't figure out anything I can put in my bag, come on! Yeah? I can put real numbers in my bag. Okay? Anything else? That is not only thing I can put in my bag. I can put pointers in my bag. Yeah! I can put pointers in my bag, sure. I think I can put strings in my bag. I can put chars. What did you say? PNGs? No, I think I can put PNGs in my bag.