May you never have this feeling that I have right now. This feeling that I have, may you never have it in your life. Don't take a job where whether or not you're happy depends on whether your screen rotates. I think I got it. Thank you. You can sit right there just in case I'm lying. Yay!

OK. Pen...input...alright. OK, so let's play a round with this a little bit. If you recall, we used this fundamental operation called the rotation to maintain balance in a tree. A rotation is simply a reordering of the nodes, well, a restructuring of the nodes in such a way that the heights of the tree are changed, but the order of the keys in the tree are not changed. So, my question for you is, first of all, is this a height-balanced tree? Yes, it is! The difference in no pair of subtrees is greater than one, so this is a height-balanced tree.

Alright, I want you to tell me a key I can enter that will unbalance this tree. Somebody raise their hand - this is a good opportunity to be brave and speak in class, because there are a lot of keys that well work here. Yes, what key could I enter that would imbalance this tree? Eighty-five. OK, everybody, make sure they see where eighty-five would go in a binary search tree. Do you see where it would go? OK, now, walk up the tree and look from eighty-five and look for the first node that is out of balance - the root of an unbalanced subtree. That key is...thirty-six, good, seventy-four is still fine because in that case, right minus left would be one, we put up with that, but thirty-six would then be out of balance.

Now, my question is, intuitively, instinctively, what kind of rotation would you expect to fix it? A left rotation, good! And now, make a guess, an instinctive guess, whether or not it is a double or a single rotation. Whether it's a right-left or just simply a left. Single rotation is correct. OK, so let's watch that happen. This...do this...eighty-five...insert...are you ready?

OK, go! Insert...boink...c'mon...insert...OK, laptop VGA...happy happy happy...OK, insert...c'mon...nothing's working. There, I've got nothing from my stylus. Refresh the page, then eighty-five goes away...I think I need to reboot my machine and let Microsoft do its work, but that's sad. Oh, watch this, I can do...forty...remove...delete.