We try here, right? HEHEHE  
And sure enough boom boom boom .... ●▽●  
Oh look there's finally room for 22 here, ok   
Alright, any question about that?  
Yeah? How do you think you do? 
The question is how you get to 0, how do you think you do, what's a good way of taking this one back around to the start? 
Mod table size, that's right, it will get you back around to 0 
Oh, what does the search function do? 
If I am looking for 22, it looks to see if, you know, look and says are you 22 and are you 22 and it keeps going until it finds it or does not  
Yeah, this is a bad strategy, right?  
Alright, so, two problems with probe based hashing  
The answer is we never let the table get that full, there will not be a long chain of these things  
eh.. aw.. (●﹏●)  wwww alright, I will do this, its fine, the two problem question  
Ok, here is the thing, so let's say I do a remove of 29, then I wanna do a find on 22, so 29 isn't there, so that cell is open, we probably have some flag that we set that says "ok, you can put something different here now, that is probably what removal means  
We gonna go looking for 22, so the probing starts here, and that isn't 22 
So we know what we did when we inserted 22, we found the first available spot 
So we gonna try that out here  
16 isn't 22, so we gonna keep looking, oh, and here is an empty spot, if 22 is in the table we would of put it in here, right?  
So that's wrong, right? 
That logic doesn't apply when you allow for removals from your table  
So what you have to do is set a flag, you have to keep each cell a flag that indicates 0, 1 or 2  
0 means.... oh no \( ° ▽  ° \ ) never occupied  
1 means once occupied now available    
and 2 means now occupied, ok?  
This two are the same in the context of removal, and these two are the same in the context of insert, ok?   
So in the example, 29's flag would say, well, I don't have 22 here, but you should keep looking for it   
Ok, that's what's that status one would mean here  
Any question about that? It's a technical detail, but it's one that people expect you to know, to have thought about it  
Ok, you can go, see you next time   
Happy friday, and monday I'm gonna ask you did that gave you joy this weekend \(▔□▔)/\(▔□▔)/\(▔□▔)/     

