ok so are forwards or backwards right there is no turning its plastic if you try to turn these cars they break. hmm.. right so each car can only go. .. trying to get the red car out and each car can only go forward and backward alright. the question is whats the graph now remember, remember, graph means to tell what the vertices represent and what the edges represent so what the heck is that graph. You are welcome to come up here closer if you can't see very well from back there. stand right up and come and look if you like. Edge between them pretend there is. k.. what is a graph? what are the vertices and what are the edges? green dots. mmmm. finishing position is a good guess. good guess. start with vertices. yes very good. so we say that for each vertex is a state of the game. that corresponds to a position a set of position of all the cars. picture in the upper right hand corner corresponds to one of the vertices in the graph. ok any question about that? Yeah? Yes. very good. The edges between them are ... uh.. correspond to the ability to move from one position to another via a valid move. What are the green dots. yeah. yeah the path to completion. so presumably this is the start configuration and I'm guessing and hoping i guess that in fact those green dots correspond to the shortest path to completion. ok and that blue up there is done. alright so what would all of the fanout up there. with all the different, the and out with the path. Somebody who plays the game. Tell me what happens at the very end. Yeah. uh huh. ahh ok. so i think that that corresponds to ending up over here. But I don't think it describes this stuff. Yeah. Yeah ok. So sort of thats little closer. So those are shortest path though so presumably you wouldn't have any kind of extra moves. The answer is when you are clsoe to the end there are lots of different ways to finish it off. You can move backwards and i don't know. You get to decide which one to move first and you know you can finish the game up either way. So at the very end there are a lot more degrees of freedom in finishing the game efficiently. So this is a great game to play while you are riding a bus over thanksgiving. I'm pretty sure there are mobile versions of it. These are super fun and probably have mobile apps that correspond to them. Ok..I have a question for you don't look at the graph yet. When you were in about fourth grade probably you're math teacher gave rules for checking for divisibility. What were the rules for checking for something that was divisible by 2. Even. right the ones digit was even. How about the rule for checking if something was divisible by 3. Some of the digits uhhh is what? Divisible by three. OH my gosh it is recursive. You didn't know it. You were doing a recursive algorithm when you were in third grade. Because what if the sum of the digits is eighteen? You add it again right? How about four?