There isn't wrong answer here. Oh introducing new key that's radical. All right, so here is, here is what you will do. There are actually structures that will do that, but not ours. Our implementation will be treat doesn't do that. Umm, so what you will do is you just chose median of whichever you want. You can choose though the less median, median or the greater median, ok, of the values. Right? It doesn't really matter. Umm, it creates a little bit of inaccurately and terms of number of keys of each one. But, umm, it just doesn't matter, all right? Does it make sense? So you still take as close as you can to the center value you use it to split the node at all. All right, any other questions about it, About this process? Ok, so, here is what I know to be true. Umm, we are gonna do analysis of this things and argue about their utility to us. Umm, excuse me as a data structure. Umm. And you are responsible for knowing about that analysis on your exam coming up. But, you won't be inplementing this untill next week and I believe you only implementing [insir]. I actually have never even played around with the lead. I don't know how you suck them back together after you remove from  them. Will you waiting for that? All right, so, umm, so I I haven't even played around with that at all. All right, any questions about it? I suspected actually might be a process of you just go ahead and remove untill they get too small and then you reformat the tree sort of like resizing in arrays, sort of like when we use a linear structure we resize upward and downward. And I wanna say that in actualilty the implementation of this which isn't really cover the real implementation as an out of course structure, has to do fire lay out. How you lay out your data in a file. And that's more the subject of data base class than it is this class. I want you to know the system, I want you to know the structure exists that not all data. It's in memory and I want you to have the experience with the analysis of it. But the actual nitty gritty making this things perform, not so much for this class. Any question about that. All right, now I think if I do. Is [deeding] but if you have any queation about this structure it takes long time to change things now. Yeah? Delete 25? What you think will happen. Oh you know what, this is actually a reasonable thing. 25. I'm gonna shrink it just a little bit so we can see it as it goes. Ready? I don't know what's gonna happen here. What you think? 20 is gonna come up? Then this [famil] as 1 I don't know, I don't even know. Delete! It was a two child remove right? To put it back in? I can do this all day. I'm sorry if this is boring you. Oh see, it doesn't. No. Here. I got it I got this. I got this. Opps. And.