Nothing? Got nothing? okay um.. let's move on to the next one. this one also arises from humanities. this is a graph. um.. you can't read it. i haven't been able to read it for years. but i remember exactly what it is, because it's so weird. here's what it is. every vertex is a character in the play in the Shakespearian play,Titus Andronicus. So every vertex has that character's name on it. i could pretend to be literate and ah.. tell you what all those people are, but i can't remember. okay? kinda doesn't matter. um and there is an edge between pair of characters if they share screen time. okay? the size of the vertex, this is the variable that we didn't really thought about varying. the size of the vertex reflects how many lines they have or how prominent character they are. I think this is cool because at least up until very very recently such combinatorial analysis of data in humanity is extremely rare. And I actually like to think about oh how can I bring my structural algorithmic understanding to the study of, say, political science or literature. So I really like this graph for that reason. Are there any comments or questions about that one? Probably the creator of the graph got a Ph.D in Shakespearian literature. Who know? Alright. Any questions about it? Okay. I'm gonna do that one last, because it's actually gonna require the most verbiage is most complex. Any guesses about what this one is? Any guesses? I'll give you a hint. It's personal for me. This is facebook graph. Yes this is my facebook graph. The cool thing about it is.. you know how, you know how there is this phrase. I like to compartmentalized my life. life is compartmentalized, right? this is my... you know, my child set of childhood, mine's more complex than you, well I don't even know. I don't know. I wouldn't say that. I have longer history than you. I would say that way. These are my childhood friends and also this is from year, few years ago. And I probably used facebook differently that you. I don't friend everybody I've ever meet. I don't know. I don't know if you do. I don't know. Alright. So anyway, so these are people that I knew from childhood. I grew up in a town, but thousand people. So everybody knew everybody else very well and amazingly we all sort of still do. So, so this is a fairly tightly coupled graph. This is my sister. This right here is my sister, because she participate in my, you know, childhood graph but also in my family graphs. So this is, our family was not from this town and you can tell that. So this is our nuclear family. This is U of I. I've been here for a long time. Huh, what year were you born in? Longer that you've been alive. Ew... Okay. You collectively probably have been lied. So there are kind of the, you know, the people I know who don't really know each of these are like uh... other faculty maybe? Here's, you know, former student and CS faculty in kind of my tighter net and you could see it? Right? It's cool. I don't know who this person is, but I think I need to find out. Like, wow, they know my sister and... on and Bill Shoe. Really? Who knows my sister and you know. Anyway, you should do it for yourself. This right here, this clique, okay. In graph theory you will learn that a complete subgraph is called a clique, which is exactly parallel to the notion of a social clique. Okay exactly parallel. So I get to call this one both a click and a clique. This is the roller derby crowd. Yeah. Yeah. There we go. I have in my past. I had to prove that I can do it. Yes? How would I do that? There was an app that was only available very shortly that I used very briefly. But, Wolfram, Wolfram Alpha does it for you too. You can go to Wolfram Alpha and they will help you. It will, it has an app that you can use to do it. I think this one is more beautiful because it looks kind of starry than the Wolfram Alpha one. But you can get the data. It's fascinating. I love it. Like, it. I don't know. It helps you to be reflective in interesting way. 