Now what!? Wait, what? What if the balance factor were 2 at T's right? The answer is we would be rotating there instead, so it can't be 2. What if the balance factor were 0 at T's right? It would mean that all of these were balanced and there wouldn't be a difference of 2 there because we didn't change anything about the imbalance here. Inserting did not change the height balance of the right hand side. it can't be -1 because that would mean that this one was longer, so it couldn't create and imbalance of 2 there by lengthening this one if this one was -1, and it isn't -2 because that would be a different type of rotation. The balance factor at T-right has to be 1. It has to be too heavy on the right because that's what would have induced an imbalance—the only thing that would have induced an imbalance up there, otherwise there wouldn't have been an imbalance because there wasn't before. okay! Alright! Fine. Ummm... What if the insertion was in subtrees 2 or 3? So if it's here, that corresponds to our key being less than or equal to the key in T's right. We've got an imbalance at T and in this case, a rightLeft rotation will rebalance the tree. And we gauge it by noting that in this case the balance factor is going to be -1 instead of 1. So it's a little bit longer on the other side. Right? This is a white board untangling. If I described it again, I'd say it again and it would not be any clearer. So I think that there are pictures to be drawn and reasoning about why this must longer on this side than it is on this side upon that insertion and why that's a valid judge, but for now for this moment, just ... I'll figure that out in a moment. Okay, so what does the insertion algorithm look like? It's a recursive algorithm, and I never ever ever unroll recurrences, except for today. Today's the only day that we're going to unroll recurrence because it really really does emphasize what happens when we insert a node, say right here. So our goal is to insert a node here. Should we do this Monday? So raise your hand if your going to go to the football game. Yeahhhh! I-L-L ... I've never done that before in my life!