So there are actually a few different algorithms that do this
This particular one was created using MOSS which is a measure of software similarity
Probably the most widely used in courses like this
I tell you this now, I used to not tell this because I wanted to keep it on the down low
So it's unfair because students will exploit, by googling how does MOSS work?
Those people will have the nefarious advantage over people who are kinda oblivious.
So I'll tell you we used to use MOSS, it's done, you can look it up, you can read the white paper
It's done by looking at Strings of code what are called N-grams, I believe it does not look  at the compiler code. There are new tools out there that some of our students are developing.
And we're migrating to those, because they actually do look at the syntax tree.
Alright so my least favorite graph. The upshot is so here's what I really want to say about this
Oh my gosh
[mumble]
Here's what I really want to say about this.
You are all, there are two things, you are all extremely fortunate to be here. This is an amazing place but to also deserve to be here.
They don't let anybody in here out of pity. So this is an opportunity to grow and to challenge yourselves and you know, to walk in this community of achievement and discovery is a better way of saying it.
If you do this, if you do this, you hurt everybody right? You cheapen the value of your degree
You create this kinda of "I'm going to sneer at your when I walk by in the hall" not that you care about, but you know you risk your degree, right? You risk getting in trouble for this. 
But most importantly you don't grow in the way we think you can and we want you to grow right?
So the incentives to NOT do this are actually really huge. Now if you ever have that feeling, oh it's 11:59 and 59 secs right?
And this is your out, OMG come talk to us. We'll figure it out, we'll help you figure it out. We don't, you don't have to do that. There's other ways. Yeah? [mumble]
"Helping" So we hire the TA's because they are good teachers generally. Generally really good teachers and we've never seen a connection like this with a TA or CA
NEVER, EVER EVER
So what happens is that your random friend got an A in the class looks at your code. And they go "I don't know what you're doing, here's what I did" and then you're lost.
The CA's will never do that, that's not what they do. That's what the difference, right there. 
The minute you look at somebody else's code, your ideas are shaken.
Yeah?
[silence]
I mean ideally it shouldn't matter. I'm actually doing it for Lawrence in 241.
yeah so he doesn't have the issues, alright yeah so the comment was shouldn't we start the semester with this?
Probably true, point taken. Alright
Happy thanksgiving.
I'm thankful for all of you!
Now, it's right now