You have all of the notation you need filling these blanks. How many edges are there? Yeah? Yeah, good. It's the...I'm gonna take this English, and put it into symbols, okay? It's the number of vertices in the component minus 1. And how did you know that was true? By the inductive hypothesis, very good. Any question about that? Look it, all those components that we broke this pop into, they are all smaller. How do we know they are smaller? Because we removed one of the vertices, right? So they are begging, they are begging us to have the inductive hypothesis applied, so we did. Now, all we have to do is add up all the edges in the original graph. Okay, so, em...I'm gonna add up from k=0 to d, the edges, the size of the edge set in component k. You good? That is...we good? It seems okay so far? Alright, so I'm adding up all the edges. Well we just said each one of the components has that many. So this is like the sum from k=0 to d of the size of V k-1. And then in the original graph, how many edges did we remove. How many edges did we remove from the original graph? d of them, good. Okay? Alright, em...now all I have to do is [gibberish], and I wish I had more space. I'm doing it up above, okay? So what is this? k=0 to d of V k-(d+1)+d. Alright, I'm gonna point to a term and you tell me where it came from. Where did this term come from? Right here. Where that term come from? Point to it on the screen, where did it come from? Ha ha, really? All you have to do is like point the...just like this, just point. Are you awake? Yeah, [gibberish], good. Okay, where did this term come from? Wrong, that's why. How about that? Is that better? Oh...alright, I'm gonna do is distribute the sum, okay? I'm gonna distribute the summation into the subtraction, okay? So the first one is the sum from 0 to d of all the vertices in each of the components minus...how many of these minus one terms are there? Oh, well, its d plus one of them, right? And then a plus d is all of the edges [gibberish] on the original vertex that we removed. Okay, you are happy? Smile is you are happy please. Alright, I'm going on anyway, I don't care...just kidding, I do care. Alright, what is this? What's a nice expression for this right here? The sum? Sum of all the vertices. It's just the size of the vertex set, right? It's the size of v. It's all the vertices, we just add them all up in each component. Alright, and then if you put all these together, what do you get? -1, good. And that's it, that's all you got. we're done, [gibberish]. Okay, raise your hand if you are still awake. Okay, raise your hand if you think if I move this slide and so you couldn't see it anymore, and I get collect all your papers, if you could reproduce that prove? Raise your had if you think you could reproduce the prove. Raise your hand if that makes you gigo! I though of it. Okay, yeah, alright, so I found this prove very interesting because it works so nicely, em...I have no idea how it feels to have somebody else talking about the prove, right? I don't know. Alright, any questions about it? Could I [gibberish] it? Yeah? [student].