I have a question. Thank you, uhm, so i knew that this was going to happen some day, uhm but i forgot my stylus. Does anyone have a surface pro 3 stylus.  May i use it? okay i owe you. Thank you, good answer. Okay, so let's work uhm, there's an MP due tonight, uhh, surprise, surprise, and there's an exam next week, we are really close to coming up with the room assignments, but we're not quite there yet, because we're trying to move, they assigned us rooms on south campus and we're trying to move everything up here so we're hoping to find rooms. Yea, yea, yea, okay you're telling me this. okay, so uhm, no body's available on Halloween to do an exam review it's just too, uhm, cob to do that.  so i cant quite get anybody to do , and Roahn is out of town, so his normal pen and paper, i know, he didnt ask my permission. uhm, uhh, let's see, so here, this is all up in the air, but, what i know id that we have siebel 1404 for both of those times. and i know that i have a staff person who can do one or the other but i prefer that he not do both, just because i dont wanna burn him out, and i think that he wants to do the solution party, i just dont know which night is gonna go which each event, and which sytaff people are gonna be in which ones but both of those will happen on those two nights at that time.  Im just not sure whether it will be the review or the mp5 solution on which date, okay? is that clear enough? oh no in fact its totally not clear. we will keep you posted on uhh, the piazza, okay so.  Raise your hand if you would like us to also send you email with the details. okay fine, okay so somebody needs to send an email reminding me that im gonna send you, just kidding. no, okay, uhm.  This exam is gonna be fine youre gonna be fine.  its the tree exam, you know, if you get this stuff youre gonna be fine.  Okay uhh, lets work a little bit, uhh. I'm sorry i was in meetings all day and have not entirely gotten into teaching mode, okay so.  we're talking about a new data structure whose interface is really that of a dictionary but whose utility applies  specifically when we have ginormas data, now what constitutes ginormas data.  It means data that won't fit in RAM, how big is that data? Well how big is RAM typically? When you buy RAM for your machine, how big is it?