Of n keys. Again, this is 173 right? All these people say 173 isn't a reasonable prerequisite! Alright, but here's the cool thing. Are your ready for the result? If you take all of those n! arrangements and you build trees from each of them and then quantify the heights (so this one would be 1, 2, 3, 4, 5; this one would have height 5, and this one would have height 2), and you take the average of all of those, you get a result that is bounded by log(n). You get a result that is bounded by log(n). Isn't that good news? It means that random trees are good trees. If you have reason to believe that your data is inserted in an arbitrary order, then you hope that the height of your tree is not too bad. So that's good news! This is the point at which we could fill in this table, but I'm going to leave it to you to do that because I want to talk about something else that's more interesting. You can do that offline. I want to talk about this—I want to talk about dessert. I have here two trees that contain the same data—same set of keys. Which one do you like better? The one on the right. So the way we're going to describe this as we go forward is that we prefer trees that look like mountains to trees that look sticks. And that left one looks like a stick to me. So now, though, we can't rely on our affection for mountains or sticks. Instead, we have to quantify, we have to give ourselves a way of differentiating between things that we like and things that we don't like. So we're going to define a metric on the root of a subtree, so this is the height balance of a tree. It could be a subtree as well. It's just the definition at every root of every tree. We're going to take the difference between the height of the left subtree and the height of the right subtree and call that the balance. So this is just the difference between subtree heights. Okay? So tree T is height balanced if its an empty tree. Empty trees are height balanced. Or if tree T is not empty, then it's height balanced if b, that is the balance that it holds, is... what do you think this would say? 0, yes that would be perfectly balanced. But guess what? We're going to let it be a little bit not-zero. Yeah, we're going to let trees be a little bit out of balance! *gasp* Every good life has balance and not balance. And it is this definition then that differentiates between this tree and this tree. Oh! It's a recursive definition, so "and TL and TR are height balanced". Okay? And that's where we'll start next time—figuring out what this balance gets us. 