Any questions about it? Yes? look at all the questions, front row questions! Im going to go right down the line. The orange is ten semesters ago when I first made the graph. I haven't run this graph for this semester yet. I haven't seen the graph, I'm going to be though yes. I have to call in , oh yeah, oh yeah, the class was a lot smaller then. There  are very many more now. I think we didn't draw any of the singular orange dots. Ya its a huge problem, we should all be embarrassed by it. Yes, ahh , so the thickness of the edge measures the amount of similarity. This person thought it was really safe to pull a wholsesale copy of this code. Its exactly the same! The width of the lines tell you how similar they were. It just a, its similarity scale between 0 and 1, presumably its close to the fractions similar line of code. ya? Ahh os this actually the most fascinating question .What if it happens accidentally? The amazing thing is it doesn't happen accidentally. It's the weirdest thing, people write code differently, just like when people write english. People write things measurably differently. Our MP's are just big enough , except for MP1 where its not a problem. So MP1 tends to sort of give false positives. I have seen MP4 its clamped down enough that we saw what we call the charlie mooning effect. One Of the very best course staff in history. He would teach the material, but he taught in such a particular way it morphs peoples code very substantially. We saw a bunch of them look very much alike cause of his instruction.  I don't want to be at war with students, so you know we don't push on that very much. Do comments come in to play? So , I fell a little strange discussing how we do this right? But still because some students have this information we should be on the same page. Comments do not come into play in this analysis. But I never call anyone without carefully looking at the code. And so, comments are a tell. If people have comments that much as well, Then I'm a 100% sure it is a problem. They don't come into play in the initial analysis. I cant tell you who that big dot is, its on git hub now, you shouldn't look though. 