Ok. What's different about these lists. These are some, these are some good lists. What's different about these lists. What distinguish one list from another. Yeah. No, these are more than primitives. Strings are not primitive.  We treat them as primitives because we use them so much, but they certainly are not primitive to the language. In fact, I could put booleans in there, but it wouldn't be very interesting, wouldn't be very interesting to do so. Yeah. Uh, they have a somewhat obvious ordering. Very good observation. So the English description that he used was a somewhat obvious ordering and I really like that. The way we capture that observation using a vocabulary word in our domain is that the keys are comparable. So this list is consisted of types, key types that are comparable. 
Ok, any questions about that. So what does that mean in implementation. What does that mean implementation-wise for something to be comparable. This is a review from the last time. I actually said the answer to this question last time. What does that mean for things in the key in a key space to be comparable. Yeah. That's right. Operator "less than" is defined. So "comparable"  means, "comparability" "comparable" means. I don't know why. Ummmmm. OK. So this means "less than" operator is defined. You will write it more neatly on your own notes. Ok, anybody need clarification of that. It's not written very well. So don't look where I wrote it. Just think about what I wrote. "Less than" operator is defined. Now do you agree with me that the things in the "NO" lists are not comparable. Do you agree with me . What do you think. I'm sorry. Now you trick me. Now you are in the dog house. Yes, Mike. 
Good, very good. So this, this quick, quick, quick response from me to say "no, those are not comparable. I didn't think deeply about it and you can impose a matrix, you can impose a matrix on lots of different types that force them to be comparable. But these just in standard are not. For example, for PNGs, in fact, this is going to be relevant in MP6. You end up using the average color value of a PNG to enforce a sort of comparability in it. Ok. So you use average, an average over the set of pixels to create a color value who, that you then can valuate the distances. Wow, that wasn't English. Alright, any questions about that. Ok, so pick your favorite one of these and start asking me to put them into the bag. Pick your favorite one. Which one you like the best. I know. I'll just add one. Well, how about numbers, real numbers. Ok, we'll just take the first one. So I'm willing to, at this point, say that my bag is templatized to contain real numbers. OK. Do you even wanna do imaginary numbers. We could. OK. Alright, we'll do real numbers. Alright, so suggest something that I put in my bag. Suggest something. Oh. Did somebody say four. Did you say four. Somebody said four.Well I'll put four in, cuz that's what I was thinking. I don't know anybody said it actually. Alright, I'm willing to put four into my bag. Anybody wanna suggest something else. Two. I'll put two into my bag. Sure. Alright, anything else. A thousand. Sure. I'm just reminding you we are talking about real numbers here. Pi, ok. Pi is real, right. Ok, anything else. Good enough. I'm gonna put negative forty-two, cuz that's fun. Ok, good. You are fine. So it doesn't feel like there's anything I'm not willing to put into the bag, right, and it's true. Cross the key space I'll put everything into the bag that you asked me to do so. Insert is just: here it is, put it in. 

