
you can change this right. like i can make that even, there is lots of them. Alright, it is not one to one, and it's now on to. ok? meaning that the table is not used efficiently. so this is paddles around the rose you can go show this to your roomates alright you have any questions? you need five dice though. You life will not be complete this is a college lesson, you life will not be complete unless you have a store of dice. You need a box into which you are going to keep dice because you are going to need them for you dice. For your life, you need a laptop and a bunches of dice. i don't know what else, compete lost, I don't know. ok? is this a good hash function. Are there any questions about this? Alright, I have a question for you. How big do you think is this keyspace, paddles around the rose for rolling 5 dice. big big! keyspace is huge. if you are going to figure this out, combinitorily, the counting lesson you want to look up is the start and bars displacements, if you are going to figure this out. Displacement. for stars and bars. Let me actually start with that next time with that, because it is kinda fun and we already have these life, we are going to figure this out how big is the keyspace. Alright, any questions about all this. yes? em...sure......one one one one five is the same as one one one one five, where i switched the first two. that is the same. yeah. [gibberish] right right yeah. alright we are going to count it right now. if we are going to do this next time, alright we are gonna do it right em.....i can't do it now. alright I have room. okay. keyspace. ok. so here is how we are gonna do this. we are going to transform a dice roll, a roll of different dice into a different model, ok? into a different model that is communicated in a way that it is easy to count. So we are going to take a dice roll like one, idk, give me a dice roll, somebody give me a dice roll. someone tell me, what you want this dice to be. the next die on my roll. ok three. what is the next one? six ok. what's the next one. don't say 7. okay that is 1 since mod six right. whatever. And then the next one? that's six. Yeah yeah you could use.......