Everybody has their favorite graphs... this is my least favorite graph. I hate this graph. I like parts of it actually. I'll show you the parts I like. I like this one. I like this one. I like this one. I like this one. I do not like this one. I really don't like that one. And I don't like this one, this one, this one... I don't like that one either. Mm mm I don't like this one. Alright, should we talk about what this graph is. It makes my stomach hurt. Alright, so, the vertices are CS 225 students and the color of the vertex, color and size actually, is the semester in which the student was enrolled. Oooooohhhhhhhhllll. The orange ones are the current semester and this is MP3 from a few years ago. What? So green is well I don't know.....the year before, the semester before. Soooo do you see why I don't like this one? So this person says to this person, "Hey, let's go get ice cream." And this person says, "I can't. I have to work on my MP. And this person, "Awwww. I can get that over with for you." Thereby denying this person the joy of conquering, right? Okay, why don't I like this one? Well because our MPs allow for an sided pair but not a triple so I don't know. And so you know there's lots of stuff to talk about here like this person needed a lot of help. I'm pretty sure this person was Pete. Because they probably got called in. I don't know whether this person did or not. This one almost certainly got called in. Oh yeah okay there's an elephant in the room, right? I can actually write down a netid right here and you guys would go, "Oh yeah I know that one." Pretty sure... it's been there for years and we've tried to figure out and we've tried to get the person to take it down and they won't and they don't and it's like the one person normally when we see the Github stuff we ask the people to take it down they go, "Oh yeah sure sorry!" I'm like whatever just take it down I don't care. Cause they don't want me to think you know whatever. But that person that its just still there. I'm not gonna say the netid because that would I bet would have to violate all kinds of rules but I'm pretty sure if I did say it you would go, "Oh yeah, that rings a bell." Any questions or comments about... Oh,  so the key thing I wanna point out here is that if you use somebody else's code, specially something you find online, this was like the first one that ever appeared on Github I believe a long time ago. So here's what happens I'm pretty sure that this person and this person really had no reason to have written similar or have worked together and certainly it's the case you know these people they didn't know that they were working with other people. They didn't know that this is the rule of transitivity here. If they are both like this one they're very likely to be like each other. Moreover that code's always gonna be there I can't get it taken down. If you use it, you join the club, right? Everytime I see this graph in the future, I'm gonna go oh yeah I know who that one is. I know who that one is. Right like you can't get your codes DNA out of the graph at that point. Okay?