Does anybody in this room love their surface pro 3? Not once person in this room, what does that tell ya? Alright well I don't know what to do here, I'll let you share my pain. I'm fairly certain I can connect...connecting to class yay. So you should quit your slideshow if all else fails just quit your slideshow. You got it? And show look it even flashed. Ok fine. How do you restart it. Just power? It's gonna have ten minutes of updates since I never restart it. What do you want to talk about? How was your weekend? I'll tell you what I did this weekend. I watch Gilmore girls for the first time with my daughter. It was awesome. Anything else? Anybody want to share? I want to know what you ate. Did anybody eat anything good? Food, unusual food? No unusual food? Chicken? Who didn't eat chicken? All weekend, this weekend, no chicken this weekend, no chicken this weekend? You guys have to indulge me here, it's Monday. Alright, let's see where we are here. Updates are available. Welcome, don't even tell me welcome. Yeah don't tell me good morning either. Connected hehe that's nice. An update is being installed...yes! I'm almost there guys, this was the right advice. I'm sorry. Yay! I can't believe you're late...jeez. Sorry everybody. Alright, we don't usually talk about hashing tables but ha that would be the best way to have someone go "that person doesn't know what they're talking about". We usually talk about hash tables. So let's do that. I would like to hear what delightful things happened to you this weekend. I spent a night in Siebel for a slumber party and it was not the first time I've stayed overnight in Siebel but it was the first time I had a pillow to do so. Alright, a hash table consists of what. This is like waking up Friday. What the heck is a hash table?! By asking you this, I'm asking you about the implementation. So how do we implement a hash table? What do we need for sure? Name one thing. You gotta raise your hand. Somebody raise your hand that just spoke. Yes? An array, very good. We need an array and that's just your plain old dynamic array indexed by numbers. It's the internals of the interface. For implementation purposes. What else do you need? You need a hash function. We talked last time about that functions qualities and what else do you need? A collision resolution strategy. 