Class is at 11 o'clock. Umm, let's see. All right. So umm, this is what I'm talking about. So raise your hand if you went to football game. Ok. So e, a student section was full. A student section was like more full than the stadium. Yes! Way to go. Umm, I wasn't there, cause it was my mother in law's 80 years' birthday parties. So you know, call it family politics. Umm, but this is what it was like in the pre game. It was a big party. So somebody who went, somebody raise your hand again if you went to the football game. Was it blast? Yeah, and we won't talk about the outcome. I will tell you though, I will tell you that my mother in law's 80 years' birthday party was in Wisconsin. So I was hearing, you know, I was hearing the game updates from the wrong side. The whole time my husband was looking at me like hahaha. So, you know, family, family complexitiies. All right, so, let's go to school. Let's play school, ok. Umm. So you'll have an exam a week from tomorrow. Umm, we are gonna do it, you know, all of our good attentions have gone a waste here. We are going to do a big exam. This is known as the tree exam. So all the questions on this, almost all the questions on this exam will be related to trees in one way or another. Umm, though it will also include maybe a little bit more series treatment of stacks and queues. You should notice that Level Order Traversals, Level Order Traversal is a great way for me to ask you both about queues and about some related to trees and about MP4. So make sure you really, make sure you see the connections betweeen, umm, queues and stacks as well actually. And traversal of trees and MP4. Cause that is a sort of very rich set of topics around which we can build questions. Now, I don't say that with any knowedge of what the exam looks like. I don't even writing the exams. So I'm just saying that if I were you, that would be one area of sort of integrated learning you might take pretty seriously. And then on this end of things that's the beginning, the stacks and queues was the kind of the beginning. We also have not yet test you on iterators in any reasonable way. So I would expect multiple choice question or something related to iteration and generic programming in c++. Umm, also let's see, umm, oh on this end of things, all the way through Friday's lecture on this week will be on the exam. So we'll finish up B trees on Friday. We are finishing AVL trees today. We are gonna do B trees Wednesday and Friday. And then there will be this kind of queen break away from trees. Ok. Umm let's see. And we'll be providing you opportunities for review.  And we usually do an MP5 solution party right, you know, in those few days between MP5 and exam. Umm, what else, you can do your own MP4 solution party if you like. It's not as complex as MP5.  All right, umm, I'm gonna save playing around with the [o no heck]. Let's just do it. Slide this, hoho, and go here, and go here. Oh, yeah it's this. And now I'm actually going to turn on AVL. Ok. So last time we talked about fondamental algorithms for, fondamental algorithms for maintaining balance in a tree. Today we are gonna actually write the code or I'm gonna show you the written code for [insortion], Am I believe removal happens in labs. I believe you write the code for removal in lab. Umm, but ohh hey. look. ok. I can recover. like this. Oh and we are good to sound this light. ok. Come on everybody. Everybody's happy. Everything is awsome. 