From say the last part again. From what? Very good. So the shorter version of that was exactly right. The shorter version of it is between any pair of vertices there is a path. There exists a path between any pair of vertices. Alright. If that is the case then you're graph is connected. Not to be connected well it is the not of that. That is there is a pair of vertices where there isn't a path between them which means you cannot get from one vertex to another walking on edges. Ok . connected not connected. Any question? Alright so lets start with not connected first. What's the fewest number of edges a graph that is not connected can have? The fewest number of not connected graph? Everybody raise hand with the number. Zero is correct. Alright. How about connected? Gets a little harder. Uh oh. Yeah? N-1. Very good. Did you sketch that down and figure it out or did you remember it. You just ok. That's called remembering it I think. Yeah good. Very good. I believe at last count the last time I did research there are thiry seven different proofs of that result. That the least number of edges in a connected graph is n-1. Ok. Uhh were gonna do one of those proofs on the net page. The proof that I kind of like the best. Alright fine.. uhh.. lets talk about then the upper bound on the number of edges and this time we are gonna characterize the graph as either simple uh oh. or not simple. h oh. Whats the simple graph? Mike? Alright no multi-edges we usually say. So simple means, a simple graph means that there are no self loops. Like this is disallowed. Ok I shouldn't have made that directed and no multi-edges. Good. That means none of those. OK? Alright uhh here is a nice time for me to say that if I forget to say a graph is simple in this class you should assume that is simple. The assumption, the default graph here is a simple graph any question about that? Ok. Alright Fine. Uhhh lets see. If the graph is not simple. How many edges might it have? Is infinity a number? Infinitely many. We could just keep drawing them no matter how many we drew we could always just add another so there is no limit to the number of edges. Ok. How about for a simple graph. Ohhh. Yeah? Ohhhh this is an upper bound so we want to put in as many edges as we can. as many edges as we can. Yeah? Ohhhhhhh noo you should sketch it down just a little bit. Just draw a few pictures and see if you can come up with a scheme for figuring this out. 