what is that look like, especially it looks you do ,so look at this screen and rotate your horizontal bu 45 degrees. what does it look like?  a linked list, that's right,  this thing is a linked list which means that there are binary search trees whose performance is no better than linked list, right ?  now, what was about our data, that made this happen ?  the data was already in order in searching happened in order.  now, this is a tail, because a very common way of creating the structure from the start is to build them up incredimently,  take data one and a time from some data source and build them up. it's also very common to store data in a sorted fashion.  so it's very possible if you decided somebody gives me your data build you a binary search tree.  And you implement the algorithm and then you end up with this poorly behave tree just because your friend happen to be out like giving your the data on order already sorted. does it make sense?  so , one thing you might do then is anytime   anybody gives you the data, mess it up,
How many times in your life has anybody ever said it will help create disorder.  I will never , right?  Well ,maybe it would here, we will talk about more qualify of that , but , so here is the thing , it is easy to look at the data order , but these are not only the bad trees.  it is not just , you know , either an increasing or a decreasing sequence of numbers ,create a long skinny tree like this.  here is the tree, this is a binary search tree , can you see it, there is a root,  right child , left child , right child , left child...but what I want from you this is a little bit harder ... is the sequence of the inserting that result in a tree that looks like this , oK? so to and to do like my tablet,  be free to do any errors you like,  i want a sequence of inserts , they create a tree's shape like this.  you can just give the numbers if you like and I will assume you mean in order ,OK?  This is  a big surprise , they work ?  any question about that ? do you all see the sequence of the  number results in 