Everybody has their favorite graphs. This is my least favorite graph. I hate this graph. I like part of it actually. I like this one. I like this one....(repeat) I do not like this one. I really don't like that one. I don't like this one, this one..... I don't like that one neither....I don't like this one. All right, should we talk about what this graph is? Pains from stomach hurt. All right, so the vertices are CS225 students, and the color of the vertex, color and size actually is the semester the student was enrolled. Ohhhh... Ok, the orange ones are the current semester and this is MP3 from few years ago. What? So green is I don't know, the year before. the semester before. So, do you see why I don't like this one. So this person says to this person "Hey, let's go get ice-cream". And this person says:"I can't go, I have to work on my MPs" And this person says "Oh I can get that over with you." Thereby denying this person the joy of conquering. Ok,ughhh... Why don't I like this one? Because our MPs allows a pair but not a triple. So I don't know... You know there are a lot of stuffs to talk about here. This person needs a lot of help. I am pretty sure this person was  because they probably get caught in. This almost certain get caught in. Oh yeah okay there is an elephant in the room right? I could actually write down the netid right here, and you guys go like. Oh yeah, I know that one. Pretty sure, it's been there for years. We have tried to figure out, then when we've tried to get the person to get down. They won't, they don't. Like the one person, normally when we see person's github, we ask them to take it down, and they go "Oh, yeah,sure sorry" just take it down, I don't care. Umm cuz they don't want me to think you know whatever. That person, that is just still there. But I am pretty sure if I did say like , go oh yeah, rings the bell. Any question or comment about this? The key thing I am pointing out here is if you use somebody else's code, especially something you find online. This is the first one that appear on github I believe a long time ago. So here's what happens. I am pretty sure that this person and this person really had no reason to have written/ worked together. And certainly these people they didn't know that they're working with other people. They didn't know this is the rule of transitivity here. If they're both like this one, they're very likely to be like each other. Moreover, that codes always gonna be there. I can't get it taken down. If you use it , you join the club. Like everytime I see this graph, I go I know who that one is. You can't get your code's DNA out of the graph at that point. Ok?