Countdowns the game. Okay, I'm gonna start cause I have some staff to talk about first. Okay, so raise your hand if you knew this was home coming weekend. Okay, not bad. It's home coming weekend. That means there is a [gibberish] on this afternoon at five o' clock, it's kind of...oh, I don't know what time. Does anybody know what time the home coming [gibberish] is? Five o' clock, okay. So every time I've ever gone it's a blast, em..it's just...I don't know. It feels good. It's a...it's a great day. Em...If you gonna go to a football game this season, this is a good one to go to, em the teams are evenly matched at this point at least in terms of record, and it promises to be a very festive affair. Em...yeah. So, the problem with this is that I hear that out lab dict is, em...more challenging that it has been in the past. Is that true? Okay, so here's what I wanna say about that lab. Em...I think it's important, because I think dealing with unfamiliar interface is what you will do authentically every day in your programming life, right? Like dealing with...em...dealing with new specifications and how pieces of software tools talk to each other. That's a profoundly important skill. Em...it's also important to understand how to apply dictionaries and to see them as a tool and a resource for solving problems where you might be kind of surprise they apply. So those two things together make this actually maybe as a more challenging lab but also quite a important lab. Now, all of that said, it is not inconsistent that I'm encouraging you to go to the football game, and talking how import this lab is, because you can go to the game and work...no no, that's not what I mean. No no, what I want to do is remind you that our labs are designed to be collaborative, so, don;t try to do this lab by your self. Don't seat in your dorm room wherever you choose to work by yourself, trying to [gibberish] through this lab. Find a whiteboard and a friend, and go get it done, okay? The amount of code you have to write isn't a lot. So find a whiteboard and a friend, and work together, and talk out this lab, cause that's when learning, that's when learning happens. Alright, any questions about all that? I'm not going to football game cause we have out of time this weekend, but otherwise we would. Okay. Alright, so this point we are into the second half of mp5, I think nothing about the announcement here surprises you. Oh...the second exam is coming up, but still almost two weeks away. So it'll be on Tuesday night, November 3rd.  Okay, I'll put that here. Exam 2...and I'll put it in red, because...you know, that's we do on exams. Okay. Maybe 7:30 to 10:30, I don't remember the room reservation, cause we don't get the room until 7, we won't start the exam until 7:30. So, yes. Okay, so last time we are talking about binary search trees, and we have a sort of emotional journey between kind of been disappointed in a binary search tree worst case performance and been encouraged by the fact that on average, though if you average all possible binary search trees that you can built from a collection of data, the result is not so bad. That in fact, the average height of a binary search tree is logarithmic, okay? Alright, so we start it of on this new...em...em...avenue of investigation one which gave us a measurement of how balanced a tree was. Now let's talk for second about this term, balance. I could mean a whole bunch of whole different things. It could mean the number of nodes on each subtree of a binary search tree. I could mean something we have refer to as the rank of a binary search tree which is [gibberish] like the largest imbalanced perfect tree, the rank, the height of the large imbalanced perfect tree. Just another [gibberish], you don't...that will not be on the test, probably. No! Em...but the one that we are focusing on for now is balancing the height. So making sure that a search algorithm, em...traverse subtrees that are approximately equivalent height. Okay, so we defined this measurement on a tree, em...which is just a difference in the height of the subtrees, no mystery there. Em...I'm not really, I never remember whether this is L minus R or R minus L, it's sort of a matter of low level detail, but you can kinda debug when you need to. But, em...so If you ask me I'll probably look at you empty, with empty eyes. It's the different matters, the absolute values are different. Okay, so this is a measurement on a tree. This is a characterization of a tree. So this is a measurement...I'll fix that.