the equivalence relation now every equivalence relation has a set of equivalence classes now the notation for math says that you take the square brackets you denote what relation what you are talking about and you throw between the square brackets some representative of the set. so for example if i am expressing if i want this equivalence relation to represent that set then i would throw the student into other ab the student into the square brackets and what we would understand that means the set of everybody that is related to oab under the equivalence relate. now what is the difference between that set and this one ? what's the difference between that set and this one ? what's the difference ? say nothing ! there is no difference those are the same set right ? and so it feels like it feels like by choosing this person i playing favorites a little bit right ? oh i prefer you over the ghost right ? but in fact the identifier that you happen to choose to represent the group is somewhat arbitrary. it could be any it could have been any of those students all we mean by a choice here is the collection of people who are related to this student any question about that ? it could be anybody it doesn't have to be any of these two it could be am or ab or anybody else who like agario any question about that ? and that's notation for math that is not i am not making that up that probably came from 173 okay. one more thing to point out is that really there is nothing in the mathematics that indicates the names of the games usually when we talk about equivalence relations we just use the identifiers that correspond to the domain of the relation that is we use the identifier of the students in this example. the games itself they don't appear in the math i put them here the equivalence relation would not change a bit if i erased all of these little helps at understanding and understanding diagram okay ? any question about that ? so really there isn't a lot of meaning necessary to equivalence relation except to say that these pretty much the same these are all pretty much the same etc.. that additional meaning is not part of the math is part of the application ohhh okay alright. one more thing okay, so we are going to create and abstract data type that will help us ahh maintaining an equivalence relation okay. we are going to define and maintain an equivalence relation across the members of some set so what that means for example is that i would be able to tell immediately given a student what their membership was across the collection of sets okay ? and in fact one key thing what we wanna be able to do is given two students tell immediately whether they are in the same set the same disjoint sub okay set any questions about that ? this is supposed to be just kind of reminding you about how these things work okay. and sort of setting us up for umm for actually working with that abstract data type okay so that is the intro let's do some examples oh i didn't change all of the sets i only got the first page alright, so R is the same equivalence relation but i have chosen about oh looks like about 10 students and i am drawing the picture a little more carefully i think so here is what i want to be able to do i want to be able to use to functions one is find and ah and one is union now if i say find 4 what are you going to do ?  