OK. Let's roll. [gibberish] So for a few minutes, your, our discussion will not match the handout. Cause actually I'm gonna go back to last time's slides. Just because I have a mass of these different applications of graphs and they are all cool. So my plan for today is to spend the first few minutes going over these application of graphs, Just sort of for fun and then we will start lecture officially. And that point, we will talk a little bit about the exam, and about sort of finishing off this semester. But I wanna start with this kind of light stuff. So from your discrete math experience, um you know that a graph is a pair. A graph is a pair. What! Do you mean the fruit pair? What's the graph? It's a pair of sets. Is that help you? See it do you remember a graph is a pair of sets. One of which can consists of vertices and one of which consists of edges. We are talk a little bit more about the notation that goes along with that later on. But for now, every graph is just vertices and edges. With constraints on the end point of the edges. Right? Every end points has to be on the set of vertices. Now when you talk about the applications of graphs. Your responsibility from the outside is to be able to discuss the parallel to edges and parallel to the vertices. Thank you *3. It's magic, this whole class thing. Thanks Tim. You have to be able to draw parallel between what constitutes an edge in an application and what constitute a vertex. And from there you can use what you know about graphs to start asking interesting questions of your application. We in this class we are gonna talk about some very introductory algorithms on graphs and it is the substance of 374 in cs 374 or in some graph algorithms classes in the math department, some [    ] optimization classes especially where you end up talking a lot more in depth and about a lot more sophisticated graph algorithms. Alright, so let's start with applications.These are all graphs. They all have vertices and edges. But their context is completely different. This one in the upper left. Any guesses about what it is? The one in the upper left is the internet, is an artistic interpretation of the internet in 2003. So I'm not sure... yes long time ago... I'm not sure that the internet would fit on this slide now. I'm not sure really did then, cause like I said this is an artistic interpretation of the data. And honestly I can not remember whether this is the internet or world wide webs. So I don't remember the actually technical details of whether the vertices are routers or like um main portal sites for example. I don't actually remember. But the cool thing about it is if you take connectivity data and you interpret it sort of with color and you get these beautiful things. Alright. And in either applications you can ask interesting questions like for example, you know, what's the diameter of that graph? Or what is the longest path within the graph. And I'm pretty sure that the answer of such question would be interesting even in the context of the world wide web, or in the context of the internet. Alright any comments about this piece of art up here? Any comments or questions about it?