No, I don't think so, it's think it's laid out by some...ya know, physical, physical relationship of the edges not by geography. That would be interesting too...But kind of unnecessary, haha, it's like they put all the derby girls out in a barn, hahah. I don't know! Alright, so I, this was really fun to do and like I said it's from a years ago so...Sylvia, are we Facebook friends? Am I Facebook friends from anyone in here? Yes! Right, of course. So you guys aren't on here...yet. Next year. Ok. This graph...or any questions or comments about this one?...yes? So the weird thing is I don't have a lot of...I haven't stayed in touch with a lot of my college friends...isn't that sad? You guys have to do better than I did about that. I suspect that that's what some of this is. I...I don't know. There are only a very few people from college that I'm still in touch with, it's weird. Because I loved college! I should look them up. Alright. Um...This graph is fascinating, ok? It's complex. It is a...let me see how to describe it. Oh! Every vertex...every vertex is, a class, a course, offered at some university. It's a small university, ok? We could do the same thing for our, our, university but, this was done for some place else. Some place with not very many courses, k? This might just be a subgraph. So every vertex is a course. And, there is an edge between a pair of courses if some student is enrolled in both. Ok? Does that make sense? Sooo...if you are in these two courses then you represent the edge between. Now it may be, if there are five students or ten students, but, if these two courses have student overlap, there's an edge between them. Now. All these edg-, all these vertices have shapes associated with them. What do you notice about the configuration of the shapes? You can even just look at a little subgraph, and little subgraph and you can notice this...characteristic that I'm talking about. What is true...and, yeah? Very good! No two of the same shape are connected. We say that, the vertices on this graph are colored. In this case they are colored and shaped. And what that means is, every edge's endpoints are different. Now, what on Earth is this graph used for? It's very timely, because it's used for finals scheduling. So, all of the, for example, I'm going to take the green circles because they're easy to talk about and easy to see. All of the green circles, can be scheduled simultaneously. Right? Let's put those at 8AM, Friday morning. K? And all of the blue triangles can be scheduled simultaneously. There will be no conflicts. K? So, this is it. Now, here's the- so that is the formulation of the problem. That's the formulation of the problem, kind of cool right? You're sitting there wondering, "oh, I wonder if our registrar has software that does this?"...It doesn't...Because there is no algorithm, there is no efficient algorithm for solving this problem. K? Woah? I didn't know, I didn't know there were-yes! In fact, this could be your path to fame and fortune! I didn't know there were easily stated problems for which there's no reasonable algorithm. Now, you know, can you get close? Can you do well on sub-problems? Does a greedy approach work? You know...there are all kinds of things that, that, can make at least pieces of this problem a little more tractable, but, isn't it interesting to think about the idea that there are questions that are easily posed, but for which there exists no known efficient, efficient is key here, solutions. K? Alright, so, there you go. A graph coloring. Any questions or comments about any of these? K let's look at a few more. Um, oh...oh c'mon, you can do it. I love this one. Raise your hand if this game is familiar to you. The game in the upper-left, er, upper-right corner is familiar to you. Ok, it's a little puzzle game, um...you get a board, or a card that tells you how to configure the game, and the object is, uh-oh, somebody help me out here, to get the red car out, right? Is that right? And, you're movements are constrained in that...oh, somebody help me...how do you do, what is the constraint on the movements? Yeah? 