Huh, where do we keep the data if we don't store it in ram, where we keep it? I love you guys all write that down. So where do we keep the data? Hard drives? Good. Do you like that, hard drives? No. Yeah, you know, once you do SSD. Okay, but still, SSD are not ram yet, right? There is still not quite as fast as memory that is close to your processor. Alright, what else do we keep the data if not in one of those things? Where do we keep it? Cache,yes. Well, we are gonna tie with cache with this, for now, for this class. In 233 and 391, you will learn what will lie that. 233 will definitely learn that. Where else do we keep though? Farther away, not closer to the machine. You have relatives that really believe that cloud in the air hold your data. You do, I know you do. How did they get up there? Yeah. A sunny day. The internet down, it's sunny. So here is the thing. Where do we keep the data all over the place not in ram? Big o analysis is assuming uniform time for all operations, it means looking up an element in an array, adding two things together, processing a conditional, all those things takes about the same amount of time. And this turns about that's a reasonable assumption if all of your data is equally accessible. So,  here is the rest of the story on processor and disks. A 2-GHz machine gives around 2 millions instructions per millisecond. Okay. 10 ^ 6. That's a lot. Our operations tend to be not a single operation, comparison is like get the data, make the comparison, put things back, but still the scale of is a lot of operations per millisecond. So even though 1 thing that we do a few machine instructions, it still on the scale of a lot of computation per millisecond. Now, here is the problem. The seek time for getting your data, and I gonna actually change this, change this to write time, cause it's what I look at, for class. Huh, it's around.. How long do you think it takes to write our a piece of data to your disk? Well, I kind of write it down differently. Then I intended to... I wanna get it right. It's 100 Mega Bytes per second. Okay. So transform that to millisecond is for me. I can't think this in class. Divide by 6, Divide by 3. 30...I don't know. 