Alright, I love these.  Alright, so these structures are called uptrees, and they're awesome, k?  The first diagram that is drawn here is a forest of uptrees, OK? Each one, each tree there has a single node, and by convention we draw it pointing, we draw this little arrow pointed up to indicate that it's the root.  Now how do we implement this thing? We implement by denoting it as a root as negative one in a little table or array. OK? Any question about that? So I know that if you give me a table that looks like that, then I know to draw this collection of up trees.  Here's the thing, we are going to use one up tree per set.  So right now, I've got 4 different sets, each with one element, each of which is the root of an uptree. So now, this is not interesting, it is more interesting if i take a union.  So the question is if I take a union of zero and one, for example.  Here's what I'm gonna do. Here's zero, k here's my uptree at 0, here's my uptree that's one, I'm going to do this. I'm going to take it and point it to this other element. So in the picture, i'm going to take it like this so zero points to one, and in the table one is going to become zero's parent. so this is the new representation of that. Ok ,you doing Ok? Now if I do a find on zero here's what gonna happen. I'm going to go to 0, k, whose your mama, it says, oh, one, it goes to one, says whose your mama? I have no mama, I am a root. And so one is returned. So a find of zero returns one after a walk up the tree. Any question about it? Assure yourself that if you do a find of zero and a find of one you get the same thing. If I do I find of zero I get a one, if i do a find of one, Yay!  alright, so lets do another union, because this is interesting, this is new, lets do another union.  Let's do union of.. wanna say something? OK, zero and two.This is actually a really good one to do.  This is the point of which I'm going to make it important to do the find of zero and a find of two because the only arrows that were going to change are gong to be the root arrows. So I'm going to here, we're going to start with this representation and effectively we've got that picture up there, were gonna do a find of zero to get one and a find of two to get two and were gonna do this. So one is, zero is still going to point to to one, one is now going to two, two is a root and three is a root.  Any question about it? Yeah?  Yep! but they always are right? The roots are at the top. Yea. Yep. yep. but we have more then one, so that picture is now accurate as of that last example.  Ok, is it OK? yeah?  zero points to one still see zero point to one, one now points to two and two is a root. Yeah, yes.  unions only happen at the roots. Unions only happen between things whose values are negative one.  Any questions about that? yeah?