??? slow um ssd's are about 300 mbps. yea. both of these are slow compared to the number of instructions. it's weird. I can do somethings in the room. Like I can do some things in the front of the room but basic arithmetic mhmm ???????? ok alright fine so let's think about an AVL tree that stores what i consider lost data ok? consider that the us driving record. how many records do you think there are? guess make a guess this is one of the questions google is going to ask you. how many drivers are in the US? 300 mill is certainly an upper bound thats about how many people there are. I think i read last time ther's a 160 million us driving records you know like 20 years ago only half the adults drove? really? but the cool thing is in 20 years, it'll go back down again right? we didn't elt our teenagers get rivers licenses because google cars are gonna be real hahahhahahaha. we'll be riding in autonomous vehcles. cool alright teslas too. ok so lost records. let's say 300 million.  oh my gosh how much per record? i dunno, 300 million times uhh 3 megabytes each? what is that? a big number lol. not a lot. ok here's the point. I'm sweating so badly. this is uhhhhh this is too deep. k? it's about 28 tall. ok? so i id this once I didn't look at notes can't remember. it's about 30. let's say the avl is about 30 deep. what that means is you may have to you may have to look for you may have to do 20 comparisons down an avl tree to get to your data ok? now that's all fine if your avl is sitting in memory right? because you can access that memory super fast those operations are quick. but here's what really happens her is a cartoon version of what's really happening. so suppose this is the avl tree  of us driving records and suppose it doesn't fit into ram. so you do a find i want to find us driving record number 66 here's what happens ok my disk is way up there. you have to go all the way out. say mister avl tree give me a key. bring it all the way back. and you go 68 bigger or smaller than 66? as you compare the two and that happens super fast and then you go ok i need the other part of the tree.