Ok let's roll. Um. So I gonna call an odd ball here and change the.... Um so for few minutes, your um.. our discussion will not match the handout. Cause I'm actually gonna go back to um  last time's slides. Um... just because I have a mast all of these different applications of um graphs. And they are all cool. So my plan for today is to spend first few minutes going over these applications of graphs. Just sort of for fun. And then we will start lecture officially. At that point we'll talk little bit about the exam and about sort of finishing out the semester. But I wanna start with this kinda light stuff. So from your discrete math experience, you know that a graph is a pair. A graph is a pair. What? Do you mean the fruit pair? What's a graph? It's a pair of sets. Does that help you? See it? Do you remember graph is a pair of sets one of which consists of vertices , one of which consists of edges. And we'll talk a little bit more about the notation that goes along with that later on. For now, every graph is just a vertices and edges. We constraint on the endpoints of the edges right? Every endpoint has to be in the set of vertices. Now, when you talk about application of graphs, you responsibility from the out set is to be able to discuss the parallel to edges and the parallel to vertices. Thank you. It's magic this whole class thing. Thanks Tim. So you have to be able to draw parallel between what constitutes an an edge in the application and what constitutes the vertex. And from there, you can use what you know about graphs to start asking interesting questions of your application. Um we in this class, we gonna talk about some very introductory algorithms on graphs and it is the substance of 374 in CS 374 or in some graph algorithm classes in math departments and combinatorial optimization classes especially where you end up talking a lot more in depth and a lot about a lot more sophisticated graph algorithms. Alright, so let's start with applications. These are all graphs. They all have vertices and edges but their context is completely different. Ok? This one in the upper left and any guesses about what it is? One upper left is the internet. It's an artistic interpretation of the internet in 2003. So I am not sure. So long time ago right? I am not sure that the internet would fit on this wide now. And I am not sure it really did then. Cause like I said, this is an artistic interpretation of data. And honestly I cannot remember whether this is the internet or world wide webs. So I don't remember actually the technical details of what the vertices are. Routers or main portal sites for example. I don't actually remember. But the cool thing about it is if you take connectivity data and you interpret it sort of with color and you get this beautiful thing. And in either application, you can ask interesting questions. Like for example, you know, what's the diameter of that graph or what is the longest path within the graph. And I am pretty sure the answer for this such question would be interesting even in the context of world wide web or in the context of the internet. Alright any comments about this piece of art up here? Any  comments or questions about it?