Okay. Alright. So here's we could do. We are going to call.. Okay so first of all, we are going to call this F a hash function. And we are going to take our value k from our key space. Fit it into this hash function. H of K. We are going to define h of k at least look at the characteristics of h of k.  Out of that is going to come some small index i. And in that location i in some table we are gonna store our data. So this is for a k-v pair. Okay, any question about that? So this is our plan. But it's still ambiguous because we don't what this thing has to look like so that's kind of where we are going. Alright, any questions before we start. This is all set-up. This is all leading us to the interesting part. Let me make sure I wasn't supposed to say anything else. Yeah? No, not necessary. So the question is are we assuming that the value for you asking about the values? This is a plain old array. Good I am glad you ask. This is an array, where these are the indices and these are the values. So yes, this is zero, one, two, up to you know however big that array is. Okay, these are the indices for the array. Does that clarify it? Yeah, it's a one dimensional array. Yes. Good. Okay. Okay. Hmm.  So I wanna just talk for just a second about this h of k function. So your key might be you know whatever, a camera model, or a flight.. an airline flight whatever. And what h of k has to do is it has to take that thing, that type of thing as input and produce a small value that you can use as an array index. Here is what commonly done. It's very common to set up h of k as the composition of two functions, like this, h1 of h2 of k. Okay. where h1 of k just makes sure that you keep fits into the array. So where h1 of k, h1 of, sorry, it's gonna be an integer. It equals x mod n, where n equals table size. So it's very very common to take your key and map it to some integers whose value, whose magnitude you don't, you are not worried about. And then take that, and shrink it via mod so it fits your table. Alright, so here's an example. These are the children in my neighborhood and their halloween costumes.