K, ready? We'll go one more time... Do you think you have a pattern? 
K, would somebody like to guess what this one maps to?
Who's saying two? Two is correct--maps to two.
Should I do it again? Are you intrigued?
Any guesses what this maps to? Yeah? It does map to four! Yup. Hold on to your thoughts a little bit.
K, raise your hand if you think you see how it maps to four, I'm just kinda curious where we are with this... K... Brownie points for you!
Ohhh... what does this one map to? Ten is right.
No, it doesn't matter where I put them, doesn't matter where I put them in the end.
This roll is two ones, a three and two fives, that's what that roll is, not in any particular order.
K, ready? Wanna play again? K.
I have a hint for you--this one is six, it maps to six--any observations about all the keys, er, about all the hashes? Any observations? They're always even, right, is that good news or bad news?
Bad news, right? It means that we're not ever--if we're using this as a hash function, we're never gonna map to...uh...the odd numbers, we're wasting half of our table already.
Um, I have one more hint for you about this. The game itself is called Petals Around the Rose. K, so this is called Petals Around the Rose. Should I do it again? This one is six, I'm gonna do it again.
K, this is called Petals Around the Rose, and this one hashes to... two is correct.
K, you see it? K... I could do this all day, so, you know, you're gonna have to stop me.
This one's eight. Petals Around the Rose, I get eight.
K, raise your hand if you think you have it at this point.
K, half, right? Raise your hand if you've given up and you don't care anymore.
The other half! Okay, you know, it's a party game, right? So you gotta, you kinda gotta know when to give it up, right? 
Okay, who would like to explain it? You ready? You got it?
If it's an odd number you see how many digits you have around it. 
Yeah!
And if it's even there's nothing in between, so, Petals Around the Rose.
Yeah. Good.
So, all the odd ones have a center pip, they're called pips--the marks on dice are called pips. Um, odd ones have a center one, and the hash function is simply the number of petals, or pips, around any center. Okay? Any questions about that?
Alright, so let's go back, and evaluate whether or not this is a good hash function.
Alright, so is it? Is it a good hash function?
No. Why not?
Okay. It's not one-to-one, for one thing. Right? Like there are lots of different rolls that produce four. For example, uhh, umm, and then the rest of them might be even right? Here--this produces four, but so does this. 
