Okay we're in the middle of it. We have no exams coming up. I'm hoping to have the histogram for exam 1 on Friday. You should hear from us about your exam results sometime between now and then. I haven't looked to see the progress of grading, but I do know that one grad student gave us their rubric only yesterday or so. So grading is not done, but it's happening, we'll get there. That's all I have in terms of announcements. Are there any administrative questions or issues that you know of? Finals monday night, 7-10. That might be the ideal final time. So the question is, will there be an MP over the break. And the answer is no, we didn't count break as time you would put towards an MP but there will be one that's assigned. So our intention is you start working on it before you leave, and then take a week off, and then come back and you'll still have plenty of time to work on it. So that's the intention. But it is out there so it's not quite true for me to say there isn't one, there kinda is.  So I have a secret mystery data structure today, here it is, here's a picture of it. So that's supposed to be a bag. It doesn't look like a bag. First what I want you to do is experiment and ask me what kinds of things I am willing to put into my bag. I'm not going to put anything in right now, but I want you to query  me and say can I put this in your bag? We're thinking of types of things. So here's the yes column and here is the no column. So go ahead, I'm willing to entertain suggestions. Oh can I put...Ohhhhhhh I wish I had a cookie to give to you. thats a really good and deep question. Ohhhh can you give him a cookie? Now I wish I had a kitten to give to you. Whose got a kitten? Alright, a bag, I don't think I can put another bag in my bag. I don't think I can. So this is my bag. That might be the question of the semester right there. Yeah? Fruit, no I can't put fruit in my bag. I'll even generalize, I can't put food in my bag of any kind. Okay? Ask yes? No I don't have a way of putting people in the bag, it's not big enough. Can I put nodes? I can't put nodes in. You guys stink you can't figure out what I can put in my bag. Come on. Yeah? I can put real numbers in my bag. Anything else? that is not the only thing I can put in my bag. Yeah? I can put pointers in my bag yeah. sure. I think i can put strings in my bag yeah. yeah mike? yeah I can put chars. yeah nathan, PNGs? no I don't think I can put PNGs into my bag.