of n keys. Again, this is 173 right?  All these people that say that 173 isn't a reasonable prerequisite. ukh. I dont know. Alright. umm but here's the cool thing, here's the result, you ready for the result? If you take all of those n factorial arrangements and you build trees a tree from each of them and then quantify the heights so this one would be one two three four five this one would have height 5 and this one would have height 2 and you take the average over all of  those you get a result that is bounded by what do you hope I right here? log(n). good you get a result that is bounded by log n. okay so that's good news it means that random trees are good trees that if you have reason to believe that your data is inserted in an arbitrary order then you have hope that the height of your tree is not bad. so that's good news. umm this is a point at which we could fill in this table but I'm going to leave it to you to do that because I want to talk about something else that is more interesting. Okay so this is busy work you can do that offline you can do it on the piazza if you want cause I want to talk about this. I want to talk about dessert, okay? I have here two trees that contain the same data. two trees that contain the same data same set of keys okay. which one do you like better? the one on the right right? okay so the way we're gonna describe this as we go forward is we prefer trees that look like mountains to trees that look like sticks okay that just looks like a stick to me okay like a branch on a tree okay alright so now though we cant rely on our affection for mountains or sticks instead we have to quantify we have to give ourselves a way of differentiating between things that we like and things that we don't like. so we're gonna define a metric on umm on uhh the root of a sub tree so this is umm a height balance of a tree so tree is any it could be a subtree as well so this true recursively its just the definition at every umm root of every sub tree we're gonna take the difference between the height of the left sub tree and the height of the right sub tree and call that the balance. okay so this is just the difference between sub tree heights. okay so a tree t is height balanced if well if its an empty tree..empty trees are height balanced okay or if t is equal to if tree is not empty then it's height balanced if b that is the balance that it holds is what do you think this would be what do you think this would say. zero right that would be perfectly balanced at the same height but guess what we're gonna let it be a little bit not zero yeah we're gonna let trees be a little bit out of balance huuh. every good life has balance and not balance okay and it is this definition then that different this is an example of a definition that differentiates between this tree and this tree. OH its a recursive definition so tl and tr are height balanced okay and thats where we'll start out next time is figuring out what this balance gets us