Raise your hand basketball, raise your hand baseball. Okay weird huh? I don't know. Okay butterfly best friend or boyfriend, I don't know. Serial Killer etc. 
Alright, so these keys have a fabulous hash function. In two different ways, there was no ambiguity, we did not have both harry and harmony in our neighborhood. Moreover, our table was used efficiently. Now I want to know the mathematical terms that describes the two phenomena. So each one, each key, hashes to a different integer, by our hash function and the collection of keys that we use they hash to a consecutive sequence of integers. That we happen to use as a table. So what's the name for such a function. It is a perfect hash function but there a mathematical name too. What is it? One to one gets your this one. And what gets you this one? Onto, thats right. So this hash function is one to one and onto aka a bijection. When such a function exists, we say oh we have a perfect hash function. A perfect hash function is a bijection. So we're not usually so lucky, as that. I wanna know about this hash function. I have another hash function that I want you to see. If it's not super easy we just won't do it, it's not that big of a deal. Document camera, please make sure the camera is powered on. So what we're gonna do is our key space is a roll of five dice, it's like a Yahtzee roll. I got them in my hand right here, and here's how my hash function works. Now your puzzle is to figure is to figure out what my hash function is and then together we'll figure whether it's a good one or not. And let's see. So we're probably gonna want a way of writing this down. So for this dice roll, my hash function give 8. Okay so you might wanna right that. You're puzzle right now is to figure out what my hash function is. This is actually parlor game. I learned this at a puzzle party, okay. So this one is, 2 ,2 ,2 3, 4, that dice roll by my hash function is mapped to 2. Ready? 2,2,2,3,4 maps to 2. This one 1, 4, 4, 6, 6, maps to 0. 