ok, what's different about these lists. These are some good lists, what's different about these lists. What distinguishes one list from the another? No these are more than primitives, strings are not primitives. We treat them as primitives, we use them so much but they certainly are not primitives to the language. In fact I could put boolean in there but it wouldn't very interesting to do so. they have a somewhat obvious ordering. Very good observation.
So the english description that he use was a somewhat obvious ordering. And i really like that. They way we capture that observation using a vocabulary word is that the keys are comparable. The list is consist of types that are comparable. 
Any question about that? so what's that mean in an implementation, for something to be comparable? I actually said the answer last time. Operator "less than" is defined.  You will write it more neatly on your own notes. Anybody need clarification? It's not written very well. Do you agree with me the things in the No list are not comparable? This quick response for me to say, no those are not comparable. I didn't think deeply about it. Now you can impose a matrix on lots of different types that force them to be comparable. But this is not. For PNG, in fact, this is going to be used in MP6, you will use the average color value of the PNG to enforce a kind of comparability. A average of a set of pixels to create a color value that you can then evaluate distance with. 
So pick your favorite one of these and start ask me to put them into the bag. I'll just add one. How about numbers? So I'm willing to at this point my bag is templatized to contain real numbers. Even wanta do imagery numbers? We could. We'll do the real numbers. So suggest thing that I put in my bag. Did somebody say 4? Well I'll put 4 in. I'll put 2 in my bag. A thousand? sure. Just reminding you we're talking about real numbers number? Pi? Pi is real. A negative 42 is fun. So doesn't feel like there's anything I;m not willing to put into bag. And it's true. I will put anything into the bag that you ask me to do so. Here insert is just here it is, put it in.