Okay. What's different about these lists? These are some good lists, what's different about these lists? What distinguishes one list from another? No, these are more than primitives. Strings are not primitive, we treat them as primitive because we use them so much but they certainly are not primitive to the language. In fact, I could put booleans in there but that wouldn't be very intersting to do so. They have a somewhat obvious ordering. Very good observation. So, the English description that he used was a somewhat obvious ordering and I really like that. The way that we capture that observation using a vocabulary word of our domain is that the keys are comparable. So, this list is consists of key types that are comparable. Any question about that? So what does that mean implementation-wise for something to be comparable? This is a review from last time, I actually said the answer to this question last time. What does it mean for things in keyspace to be comparable? That's right. operator less than is defined. So, comparable means a.. I don't know why... okay. So this means less than operator is defined. You will write will more neatly on your own notes. Anybody need clarification of that? It's not written very well. Don't look at where I wrote it, just think about what I wrote. Less than operator is defined. Now, do you agree with me that the things in No list are not comparable? You agree with me? What do you think?  Good. Very good. So, this quick response from me to say nah, those are not comparable, I didn't think deeply about it and you can impose a metric on lots of different types that force them to be comparable. But these just as they stand are not. For example, for PNGs, in fact, this is going to be relevant in MP6, you end up using average color value of PNG to enforce sort of comparability in it. So you use an average over the set of pixels to create color value that you can then evaluate distances with. Alright, any questions about that? So, pick your favorite one of these and start asking me to put them into the bag. Pick your favorite one. Which one you like the best? I know, I'll just add one. How about just numbers. real numbers. We'll just take the first one. So, I'm willing to, at this point, to say that my bag is templatized to contain real numbers. You even wanna do imaginary numbers? We could. We'll do real numbers. So suggest something that I put in my bag. Did somebody say four? Did you say four? Well, I'll put four in because that's what I was thinking, I don't know anybody said that actually. I'm willing to put four into my bag. I'll put two into my bag, sure. Anything else? A thousand, sure. Just reminding you that we're talking about real numbers here. Pi? okay. Pi is real, right? Anything else? Good enough? I'm gonna put negative fourty two, because that's fun. So, it doesn't feel like there's anything I'm not willing to put into bag, right? And it's true. Across the keyspace, I'll put everything into bag that you ask me to do so. Insert is just, here it is, put it in.