We try here, right, and sure enough boom...boom...boom...boom....boom. Oh look there's finally room for twenty-two here.

Alright any question about that? Yeah? Oh how do you think you do? 

The question is how do you get to zero? What's a good way of taking this one to back around to the start? Mod table size, that's right. So mod table size would get you back around to zero.

Yeah? Oh, what does the search function do? If I'm looking for twenty-two, it looks to see if you know looks are you twenty-two? Are you twenty-two? And it keeps going until it either finds it or it does not. Yeah, this is a bad strategy, right?

Okay. Alright. So two problems with probe based hash. So the answer is we're never gonna let the table get that full, so that there will never be a long chain of these things.

Oh alright, I'll do this — that's fine. So here's the thing: let's say I do a remove of four, a remove of twenty-nine, and then I want to do a find on twenty-two. Okay, so twenty-nine isn't there. So that cell is open, we probably have some flag that we set that says okay we put something different there now. We're gonna go looking for twenty-two. So probing starts here, and that isn't twenty-two, so we know what we did when we inserted twenty-two, we found the first available spot. 

So we're gonna try that avenue here. Sixteen is not twenty-two, so we're gonna keep looking. Oh, so here's an empty spot. If twenty-two were in the table we would have put it here. Right? Sorta. But that's wrong. Right? That logic doesn't apply when you allow for renewals from your table. So what you have to do is set a flag, and keep with each cell a flag that indicates zero, one, or two. Zero means never occupied; one means once occupied, now available; two means now occupied. These two are the same in the context of renewal, and these two are the same in the context of insert. Okay, so in our example, twenty-nine flag would say well I don't have twenty-two here, but you should keep looking for it. That's what this status one would mean here. It's a technical detail, but it's one that you know people expect you to know to have thought about a little bit. 

Okay you can go see you next time. Happy Friday!