So the ah organizers, of this say that I need to incentivize it. Notice how I hope that off for the very end. Um so what I am thinking is that it is 20 minutes of your time right. And normally I am going to think So just so you know ah. I don't know I am thinking a point of credit if you actually do it. one point for the grade. Don't even negotiate with me. Alright, we will let you know what the incentive is. i will probably send another email how do this and ah I'll let you know what the incentive is. Other than the good will of the community. Come on. Gahhh. All right, so class transcribe is one announcement. So see this is going to be bad today. Try this. Okay, my wireless thing is not working so. The other annoucement is that the honors class is going to start up october 20th. Any if you have not yet registered for it and you think you would like to do so. We will help you do the late add form. So um yeah you will have to contact us to actually post to the piazza to ask for instructions on how to do that. So that's all I have for announcements. I want to remind you where we were last time. we had basically gone through this code and we had become a fluent users of interators. Yeah? And, we talked a little bit about how they might be implement, we didn't implement them ourselves but we reasoned about how they might be implemented. So that should anybody ask you how to do so, you know kind of how where to start with the process. Well, I have um code for you to look at today that sort of starts right here. It comes after this. It employs some of the concepts that you have used and well but it probably different from anything you've seen before kay so I have this function up here. It is a templates function. And what I want you to do is for you to write a short description of this function. When I say write a short description I want to know the name, inputs, and outputs, this one has no return type anyway. And then a very small one sentence description on what the function does. We are writing, the comment for this function, so take a couple minute and untangle the template and see if you can figure out what it does and once you write that sentence, i want you to describe to yourself to yourself what printer is and Oh i can't hand off my would anybody like to write their response on my tablet up here. It is not wireless today. you want to come? Would you if you incentivize it? haha. anybody want my pen? You can't have my tablet but you can have my pen. Anyone want it? no one? what if i threw it? Do you want it? You're looking at me. Okay, did you want it? Thank you! Major brownie points, in fact it would be helpful it you put errors in there. like misspell you know, thinkings like that.The rest of you can do it. Because you mostly have pencils. 