It's still big, right? Still big... Okay, and... Same here, especially if it doesn't exist. We'll talk about this in a minute. So the key thing to observe here is as alpha goes to 1, these functions are nasty. They go to infinity. These are the running times of these functions, okay? So--that means we should not let alpha go to 1, which means we should not let the table fill. We should not let the table fill. Mmm, hmmm.... Mmmm... Hm... Alright. Finally, finally, notice that in the context of separate chaining, we are not constrained for alpha to be between 0 and 1. So in these cases, alpha is an element of, you know, 0 to 1. I guess it could be like this, where brackets, but then it's a mess... But here, alpha can be larger than 1, because it's open hashing, right? We can hang as many things off of one individual cell as we want. Alright, but, nonetheless, as alpha increases, those running times increase. Okay, let's look at some functions--let's look at some functions now. Particularly in the case of probing... This is what those functions look like. So there is this sort-of inflection-- so here's alpha along the bottom; I can read them here better than I can actually read them on my tablet, so I'm gonna refer to these here. There is this inflection point beyond which-- jeez, you know, if alpha--if the table is really close to full, we're gonna be looking a long time for each one of our data elements. That is the clusters that exist--the clusters that exist are going to be large, okay? Particularly in the case of linear probing, you know, beyond... (laughs) I don't know, beyond alpha not all that big, the amount/number of probes you have to do to find an empty space is really quite large. Now, here's what I want from you: I want you to make a vertical line somewhere along here, that sorta reflects the, you know, the number of probes you're willing to accept in order to find an empty spot for a piece of data. Okay? So just draw a, you know, draw a line that corresponds to, well, I don't even care, right? You could do a horizontal line if you wanted to. The number of probes you're willing to accept. Just do it--just sketch it on your paper. We'll do one, for example--we'll do one for example and I'll do the one I can reach. The same exercise can be done on the other table. And that is--look, if I say that: you know what? I don't care--we don't mind looking at 4 different cells for every attempt at storing data, then when I do this, then if my alpha is below, you know, 0.75, I've got it, right? So this suggests--this suggests that if the table is, you know, less than 75% full, then lookup is quick.