If we equivalently argue that the number of nodes is less than or equal to some function of h, then we can just invert things to get this argument. Does that make sense? So remember calc one is a prerequisite for this course. So what is it about the functions we are talking about that make this thing ok? You know? Do you know what it is we have to say about our function to make it ok to make it ok to make an argument about the inverse, one to one. Yeah and we get that because it is monotonically increasing, so f(n) is an increasing function so we can invert it. Alright any questions about it? Ok. Um this is ok cause f(n) is monotonic.
And thus one to one. Alright so lets do this, this is what you focus on, focus on that. Now look, we are putting an upper bound on the number of nodes so it is an upper bound. We are saying the number of nodes is less than or equal to some function, I don't care about all this decoration here. Some function of h, ok so h is the parameter to the function we are going to be writing. Ok so, this is it. What is the maximum number of nodes in a tree of height h? h parameterizes, n is what we are counting. We are going to let m(h) denote this, m(h) is our function that is the max number of nodes in a tree of height h. Ok? Now, what is m(h) if h is empty, or if the tree is empty? What is m(h) the max number of nodes in an empty tree? 
What is it? 0 good. What if the tree is not empty? Then the maximum number of nodes in a tree of height h is, whats an expression for this? I have given you a hint, don't think so hard. Think about it, I don't know what the max number of nodes is but I know that it is the max number of nodes in the left subtree plus the max number of nodes in the right subtree. because in order to maximize the whole thing we have to maximize each of the subtrees plus the root. So the max number of nodes in a tree of height h is one plus 2m(h-1). And look we have this nifty little recurrence. This and this together are a recurrence, yes? Were not happy with the recurrence tho clearly, whats the solution?