one over the number of them, right? does that make sense?  And, In fact, in the context of this particular example.  What fraction of whole table is this about?  There is no right answer here.  We are winging it at this point.  What fraction of whole table is that about?  A tenth?  So, the probability of hashing into that chunk will say is about a tenth.  Okay?  This happens with about ten percent probability.  But look what happens if it does happen.  Eventually, if that happens a few times.  This gets all closed up.  And in fact, that chunk becomes really big, right?  Now what is the probability of hashing into that thing?  Much larger.  Let's say about 25 percent, right?  Imagine what would happen?  If we hashed into it.  So, let's say we get a value that puts us right here.  Okay?  we would wait, right?  wait wait wait wait wait  until finally an open spot would be found.  Okay.  is there a question about that?  And, a minute that an open spot is found.  We increase the probability of hashing into that thing because we increase the size of chunk.  All right?  so this is the problem of primary clustering.  It is the problem of primary clustering and the description of it is simply in linear probing.  If you are linear probing, increases the size of occupied chunks of occupied cells.  The magnitude of clusters of occupied cells, which increases the likelihood that you are going to hash into them in the future.  The concrete analysis of this I believe is done in 174.  not allowed to assume a probability prerequisite for this course.  This is probabilistic argument.  That says that in fact this comprises the performance and of linear probing.  What are we going to do about this?  The answer in stead of taking of steps of size 1 for looking for the next available cell.  We are going to take steps of random size.  Now, where would we get steps of random size?  Where would we get the steps of random size?  I think using a another hashing function would be reasonable.  The remedy here is to take randomly size steps and I will show you what I mean by that in just a minute because it is not just randomly all over the place.  It is controlled chaos.  randomly sized steps for probing   