Ok, any question about that? So n we don't know what it is. We don't know what n is for sure. We are gonna put a lower bound on n. And the true number, we are gonna say well that depends on the height what's smallest possible one it could be. Ok. So I love recurrences. Here is what I want. Turns out we are gonna need couple of these. And they are gonna depend on a diagram of an AVL tree. Alright, I'm gonna tell you that that's height of this tree. What was to the base cases first? What's the least number of nodes in the tree of height negative one? Zero. Ok, and what the least number of nodes in the tree of height zero? One. The smallest number of nodes you can have and just because this is so fun. What's the least number of nodes in a tree of height one of an AVL tree. The smallest number of nodes you can have in a tree of height one, that is still an AVL tree to write. Now notice there they actually, we couldn have n could be three but n of 1 is two. Does it make sense? Alright, now the root currence. I am gonna draw this picture and ask you some questions about it ok? So the height of this thing is h and h is greater than zero. And I wanna know how tall relative to h is TL. Say, what's the very tallest TL could. What the tallest TL could be. Ok? So This is h-1. What is the height of TR then? What's the... I should be asked you what's the least child that could be. So, one of them smallest possible tree has one of them with height h-1 and the other one with height h-2. Good. Right. So, now, the question is why aren't they both h-2? Because the whole tree wouldn't have height h. Why aren't they both h-1? Cuz that sounds smallest possible you can cut of the bottom row of one of them. So, the smallest possible tree of height h has one for the root plus the number of nodes in the least number of nodes of height h-1 plus the number of nodes in a tree of height h-2. Ok? Any question about that? We could solve this recurrence exactly. We have to use characters [somethin] equations to solve this polynomial. We could do it but we are not going to because we don't have to.'Ok? Our result does demand 'that we come out with super tight expression for that. we can loosen it a little bit and still get the result that we want which is kind of nice. What we are gonna do is observe that the true number of nodes in a tree of height h is at least n of h. But then we are going to say the n of h as it's written here that recurrence is at least n of h-1 puls n of h-2. Cuz we can get rid of that one tight? Reducing that one just creating one sided hole in this inequality right? We can also say that this is greater than or equal to 2 n of h minus something. What is this something? what's the argument?