we need to be able to deal with that. okay. so uhh let me explain that last one a little bit. if your key space is about the size of your table then you can take elements from your key space and just give them a value in your table sometimes sometimes when I do this like when I'm programming in python and I know you know that I'm gonna wanna im going to want to put data into this into an array I'll append an index value or some kind of identifier on the front of my data just because I know I can the table will be big enough i'm kind of finding a uhh a hacky way of identifying a key with a particular location in the table. This is a perfectly reasonable thing to do if your key space is about the same size as your table. That is if all of your data if all the data you can possibly have will fit in your table. But here's what hashing generally means. Here's what hashing generally looks like. Usually we will have a huge key space some huge mathematical description of what keys could be and we're gonna draw some sample from that key space we're gonna draw some reasonably sized sample from the key space okay. and what our hash function has to do is take this data and map it to you know some cell locations in the table and the table has to be big enough to hold this subset but here's the thing. A general hash table should work independent of what subset is drawn from the key space so it may be the case that instead of that circle we draw a sample from our our uhh key space that looks like this and the has function needs to map those nicely into our table we'll put them somewhere else. okay. now what we want to avoid is what we hoped to avoid is some sample from our key space. some sample from our key space where all of the keys map to the same location that would be bad right that would be not using our table effectively and we wouldn't know where our keys were really cause they'd all be in the same place. alright any question about that? so again this is more of a general how do I think about hashing. This is a much harder problem okay finding a general purpose hash function and it's where we're gonna start next time.