it would mean that all of these would be imbalanced there wouldn't be a difference at 2 there because we didn't change anything about imbalance here because inserting do not change the height of right hand side. So can't not be 0. It can't be negative one because that would mean that this one was longer, we couldn't create a imbalance of 2 there by lengthening this one if this one was negative one. Because that would be a different type of ....we would have rotate it down there anyway. okay, so the balance factor at t right has to be 1, has to be two on the right. Because that's would have been induced.....the only thing that would induced an imbalance up there. Otherwise there wouldn't be an imbalance. Because there wasn't before, okay? that's the key word. Okay, alright, fine. What if the insertion in sub-trees two or three. Okay if it's here, that corresponds to em....our key being less than or equal to key in t's right. we got an imbalance at t, and in this case, a right left rotation will re-balanced the tree, and we got it by knowing that in this case, the balanced factor is going to be -1, instead of 1. Okay so it is a little bit longer than the tree on the other side. alright? okay, again, this is an whiteboard untangling, and if I said it, i described it again, in the same word, and it would not be any clearer, I think. So I think that there are pictures to be drawn here and reasoning about why this must be longer on this side instead of that side upon this insertion and why that is a valid judge but for now, for this moment, okay   i will figure that out in a minuite. okay? okay? So what dose the insertion algorithm look like? it is a recursive algorithm. so and I would never ever unroll recurrence, that is now what I do except for today. Today is the only day that we are gonna unroll a recurrence because it really really dose emphasize what happen when we insert a node say right here. So our goal is to insert a node right here. em should do this Monday.......[gibberish]