Ok how do you feel about this
what is that look like especially if you do so you at this screen and then rotation your head in the horizontal plan e by 45 degree. what does that look alike? a linked list! that right.
 This thing is Linked List right? which means that there are binary search trees  whose performance really no better than linked list. right?
 now what was about our data that made this happened?
what was about our data that made this happened?
Yeah nathan?
Yeah data was already in order. the insertion happened in order.
Now this is cautionary tail because of the very common way of creating the structure from start build them up incrementally to take data one at a time from some data source and build them up. Well it is also very common to store data in a sorted-fashion. so it is very possible that if you were to say somebody oh give me your data! i will build you a binary search tree and you employee the algorithm and then you would end up with this poorly behaved tree just because your friend happened to be helping you out by giving you the data in order, already sorted.
Does thta make sense?
So one thing you might do then is anytime anybody gives you data. jumble it up. ok?
Jumble it up and mess it up create disorder. How many time in your life has anybody ever said it will help if you create disorder. 
Almost never right?
well may be would here.
it will quantify that. 
But! but so here is the thing it is easy to look at data whether it is in order. 
but these are not the only bad trees. it is not just you know either increasing sequence or a decreasing sequence of numbers that create a long skinny tree like this.
here is the tree this is binary search tree who knew?
can you see it?
there is no root. right? child left, child right, child left, but what i want from you this is little bit harder of the puzzle but what i want from you is the sequence of the inserts that result in a tree that looks like this. OK?
and who would like to do it on my tablet?
feel free to make any errors that you like 
i want sequence of inserts that created tree that shapes like this  and you can just give me the numbers if you like. i will assume you mean that in order.
i am not even looking.
this is big surprises.
did it worked? 
ok! now ok. any question about it ?
do you all see that this sequence of numbers result in 