ok, any questions about that? so n we don't know what it is we don't know what n for sure but we will put a lower bound on n. n is the true number we gonna say well it depends on the height what's the smallest possible. what n could be. ok, so i l love recurrences. Here is what i want hmmmmmmmm turns out we gonna need a couple of these. And they are gonna depend on a diagram of avl tree. Alright. I'm gonna tell you that the height of this tree. What is the base case of this. What's the least number of nodes in the tree of height negative 1? Zero. k what's the least number of nodes in the tree with height 0? 1 the smallest number of nodes you can have and just because this is so fun. What's the least number of nodes in the tree of height 1 of an avl tree the smallest number of nodes you can have in a  tree of height 1 that is still an avl tree. Notice that actually we could have n that could be 3 but n of 1 is 2 ok. Does that make sense alright now the recurrence. I'm gonna draw the pictures and ask you some questions about it k the height of the thing is h and h is greater than 0 and i want know how tall relative to h is tl. Say what is the tallest tl could be. Ok, so this is h-1. What is the height of tr then. I should be asking what is the least tall it could be. So one of them the small possible tree should have height h-1 and the other one with height h-2. Good the question is why are they both h-2, because the whole tree wouldn't have height h. Why are they both h-1, because that's the smallest possible. You could cut off bottom row of one of them so the smallest possible tree hm of height h has one for the root plus the number of nodes the least number of nodes in the tree of height h-1 plus the number of nodes in the tree of height h-2. Any question about that? Now we can solve this recurrence exactly. We have to use the characteristic equations and solve this polynomial. We can do it but we are not going to cause we don't have to.  Our result doesn't demand that we come up with super tight expression for that. We could loosen it a little bit and still get the result that we want which is kind of nice. So what we gonna to do is observe the true number of nodes in the tree of height h is at least n of h. But then we are going to say that n of h as it written here that recurrence is at least n(h-1) + n(h-2). But we can get rid of that 1 right reducing that 1 just creates a one size hole in this inequality. We can also say that this is greater or equal to 2N (h-something) what is the something what's the argument. 