When you write the code, the nodes choose the heights you need to update. The nodes choose the heights you need to examine are 80 and 90, the ones... the upper one in this stick. Because it's easier to do so, we also happen to update 99, but it will never change. So we can use same helper function for left and right rotation, I think, if I recall correctly. So 80 and 90 and every node on the way up the tree. Okay? Including in this case, 50. They might change. Okay? Any question about that? Yep? What is the height of 60 here? Heights go down, heights are measurement, so A is the subtree whose root is 60. A is the subtree whose root is 60. Height is measured as the distance to a leap. So when you looking at A, you are only looking it down the tree. Yes, I agree A's level changed, But not its height. Okay? So again this is an example of vocabulary that is very easily swapped, right? Make sure you see the difference a description of tree's level and a tree's height. They are kind of, almost inverses of one another. So it makes sense? It's totally clarified? Ok, anything else about this? Alright, so when we write real code for this beyond just assignment, we are going to do 2 things: we are going to assume each node stores its height and then we are going to update its height as we walk off the tree. Alright, so let's get some practice. Let's get some practice. And, as I said, the right rotation is symmetric. I looked at this tree and  I go, oh ,it's kind a long on the left. So I am gonna take it and do a right rotation and fix it. Okay? So what's the first thing you do. You find... oh that's cool. Okay. And you have fixed it... Okay. Is it better really? I don't know. I need to be able to adjust it quickly. Alright, so find the stick, I need to change it into a mountain. I will raise you. You don't have to remember the code we already did, but I will raise you in changing this one into a mountain. Okay? So, I know how to do this... 40, 20, 70, and then I've got A and B and C and D. This was an easy one because a lot of them marked empty. And I am gonna hook those on here. A and B. C is 50 and 60. And 70 is right tail. It's 80. Okay! Got it, yep? To get the same tree? Okay, check the neighbor, haha. Put your nose on your neighbor's paper. How they do? Rough them out if they didn't do any work. Just kidding. Oh, hi ,what's up? Oh nice. Okay. So we have a beautiful new tree huh? What you think? Shot.  It didn't help anything. So can you see why? Can you see what kind of happened here? You see what kind of happened? Why didn't this work? What happened? Nobody wants to articulate? 