Ohhh, heh, sorry.  Use your technology!  Ohh!  Ohh!  Gnarly, woah.  That's cool.  Ok.  My child for his english class asked me for eighties idioms.  Like, "Mom, you were a child in the eighties, what or you were in high school in the eighties, what uh, what were some of the phrases that you ever used?"  Gnarly was one of them that I told him.  Yeah, heheh.  How did I get, oh, forward!  [gibberish]  Ok, that's better, how do I, raise the thing to full screen?  Ohh, it's Windows, right, it's on the other side.  Ok, alright, we're gonna survive this.  Ok, what does somebody want to insert?  What should we insert?  Three.  Ok fine, three.  Insert.  Oh, we should watch.  Three, oh where did three go?  Why?  Yeah it was less than 28.  Ooh, this feels binary search tree ish.  Right?  And, it went into the other node, and furthermore, it went in its right place in order.  Right?

Ok I have a question for you: if I insert 36, where is it gonna go?  I want you all to speculate in your own minds: where does 36 go?  Right at 35, right? Ok, ok!  Alright, see how it's working a little bit?  Alright, somebody want to insert something into this tree?  What are you curious about?  Yeah?  27.  Alright let's oooh, insert 27.  Everbody speculate, on where you think it will go.  Ok, we're gonna do this for a while, cause this is actually fun, and it's not working too horribly.  I have to do this fast though.  Ok, did you see that?  That was cool.  Alright, does anybody have something they'd like to insert into this tree?  1.  1, who said 1?  Ohhhh living on the edge. [inaudible] Do you see why one is a scary thing to insert?  How big can these nodes be?  They can only have four things in them.  If you try to put five things in them, the world is a broken place.  Ok.  So, let's try, ahhh, I think I can hit enter here.  Ok, are you ready?  Alright, what do you think is gonna happen?  Alright, I'm asking that rhetorically so you all get a little picture.  Ok, you ready?  I hope it, oh, it wants me to push insert.  Ok, fine, can I get em both on?  Insert.  [Cinda gasps, screams of both terror and amazement ensue from the class]  I call this a vomit tree.  Because it throws up the middle value.  [audible laughter from the crowd]  You get it?  You see?  Where was 14 before?  So 14 lived, there was one node, and 14 was right between these two values, ok.  We made that node too big, so it took the middle value and threw it up, right?  Now, look at this tree and make a key observation about the relative magnitudes of they keys.  The word between might occur in your response.  Ok, so every node still has this ordered characteristic, right?  Every node has increasing keys.  And what is true about this node?  Yeah?  Very good, that's right.  Did you all hear that?  Both of they keys in this node are between the two corresponding keys in the parent node.  Ok?    Any question about that?  Alright, yeah?  [inaudible question]  