I owe you twenty minutes of your life I'm so sorry. Alright, Aight sooo, (s,t) is O and my pen works. (s,t) is an set of element R so equivalent relations are just sets of pairs of things that are related to one another. If these two students have the same favorite among all of those so I used to do this. I used to do that and I'm thinking that that's still like, you know, is there anything that is better than plants verses zombies? I dont know, I don't know. So a couple of you one of your initials. a, m, and and who, what're your initials, AB? These two students told me that they shared an affinity for a agario. They didn't know that that's what they were doing, so what i want to point out to you at this point is that there are lots of different ways of representing an equivalent relation. One of them is the a set of pairs, where the set of pairs have a particular characteristics. And those characteristics are the pairs are reflexive, symmetric, and transitive. RIght? Remember all that? Okay, so now what I want you to do is raise your hand if A is your favorite among those video games, those handheld games. Okay, what are you initials? Also AB? Okay I'm going to make  you the OAB, and know that he's related to everybody else in the set, right? no matter what, take somebody else? One more person for whom agario is the best ever? Ok, I'm going to make somebody up, this is our local ghost, and note that that person or that ghost, that entity will be related to everybody else in that set. Okay? Now, among these choices what, oh raise your hand if your favorite is flappy birds. Okay, there's a bunch of you right? How would you characterize if I drew that graph, that graph represented your collective relationships, how would you describe that graph? It is a complete graph, right? Can you see? A graph containing every possible edge, and tons of students, we could figure out how many as to there are, we don't have time for this. Okay? But that's the complete graph, and the key thing to observe is there is no edge that crosses over from one complete subgraph to the other. Such an edge doesn't exist. Alright, and moreover we could make a set of things corresponding to the temple run people, and the cookie clicker people, who don't want to admit people, and the pocket minecraft people, but oh, did I not say that yet? The p is confusing, if I just put mc it woulda been oky? Okay any question about that? Now, the fact that I, moreover, moreover if I say choose a favorite, choose a favorite from among that set, then I can rest assured that everybody in this room will be in one of the subsets. Yes? Right? because I'm going to insist. Do you like any of those game? "laughs". Do you like any of those games? Who doesn't like any of those games? I insist that you choose one though. so I'm asking a question that I can be assured that everybody in this room, as begrudgingly as they may be, they would have an entry somewhere, a vertex, somewhere on this table. What I'd like to point out is that on this diagram here, on this roughly sketched out diagram is a collection of disjoint sets. Okay, representing