Okay
Raise your hand basketball
Raise your hand baseball
Okay wierd huh
I dont know, like
Okay. 
Butterfly, oh here's another one
Butterfly best friend or boyfriend right
I dont know
Uhhhhh
Cereal Killer etc.
Alright, so these keys have a fabulous hash function. In two different ways. in two different ways. 
There was no ambiguity, we did not have both hairy and harmony in our neighborhood. Right? Kay, moreover, the.. our table was used efficiently- our table was used efficiently. now, what I want to know from you is the mathematical term that describes the two phenomena. Kay, so each one, each key hashes to a different integer, via our hash function and the collection of keys that we use they hash a to consecutive sequence of integers that we happen to be able to use as a table. So whats the name for such a function? Ya? [Student], it is a perfect hash function, but there's a mathematical name too. What is it? one to one gets you this one. And, what gets you this one? onto, thats right. So this hash function, is one to one and onto a k[a] bijection. when such a function exists, we say oh we got a perfect hash function. a perfect hash function is a bijection. Keys... two table... elements... any question about that? We're not usually so lucky, we're not usually so lucky as that.um, I wanna know about this hash function, I haven't done this in this room before, so I'm not sure how this is gonna work. I have another hash function. That I want you to see. See if its this easy, if it's not super easy we just wont do it, it doesnt matter that much. Please make sure Document camera is powered on.  okay, what we're gonna do is our key, our key, our keyspace is a roll of five dice. Kay? A roll of five dice, got it? Like a yahtzee roll, I have them in my hand right here. And, uhhh, here's how my has function works. Now you're puzzle is to figure out what my hash function is, and then together we will figure out if it's a good one or not. And let's see. So, we're probably going to want a way of writing this down. SO... so for this roll, my hash function gives 8. So you might want to right that down. It's 1, 2, 2, 5, 5, maps to eight. and you're puzzle right now is to figure out what my hash function is. this is actually a parlor game. Like this a.. I learned this at a puzzle party- a party. Uh.. so this one is 2234, that dice roll, by my hash function is mapped to tow. Yes? Okay? Ready? [Dice Roll]. 22234 maps to two. Oh. This one 1, 4, 4, 6, 6, maps to 0.