So where we keep the data? If we don't store it in RAM, where do we keep it? 
I love it when you guys all wrote that done  (・`ω´･) 
So where do we keep the data?  
Hard drives, good  
Do you like that hard drive? 
No? (っ °Д °;)っ Ya, you know once you do SSD, ya ok, but still, SSD are not RAM yet, right 
There are still not quite as fast as memories that sets close to your processor 
Alright, where else do we keep the data, if not on one of those things, where do we keep it?  
Cache? Yeah, well, we gonna tie cache in with these. For now, for this class  
In 233 and 391 you will learn about why that.. oh, 233 will definitely learn about why that is 
Where do we keep it though, further away not closer to the machine?  
Yeah, (´･ω･｀) you have relatives that really believe that the clouds in the air hold your data XD, you do, I know you do  (╯‵□′)╯︵┻━┻     
How do they get up there? 
Yeah, yeah, a sunny day, the internet is down, it's sunny \( ° △ °\|||)    
Alright, here is the thing, alright, so where do we keep the data? All over the place not in RAM 
Big O analysis assumes uniformed time for all operation means looking up an element in an array, adding two things together, processing a conditional, all these things take about the same amount of time, and it turns out that's a reasonable assumption if all of your data is equally accessible  
OK, so, here is the rest of the story on processors and disks  
A 2GHz machine gives around 2 million instructions per millisecond (⊙△⊙), its 10 to the negative 6 
Alright, fine, that's a lot, now our operation tend to be not single operation, the comparison is like get the data, make the comparison, put things back  
But still, the scale of this is lots of operations per millisecond 
Ok, so even though one thing that we do eats up a few machine instructions, it's still on the scale of lots of computation per millisecond  
Ok, now here is the problem  
The seek time for getting your data, and I am actually gonna change this, I am gonna change this to write time because this is what I looked up before class 
Is a round, how long do you think to write out a piece of data to your disk? 
Well, I kind of write it down differently from what I intended to  
I wanna get it right, it's 100 mb per second  
So what transform that to millisecond for me, I can't think this in the class, divide by 6? divide by 3? 30? I don't know ￣▽￣     



