Okay, I'm gonna start talking because it is officially time to start, while this gets going, um...
I can't change it yet. It might because the system is still initializing. Okay, I will yell- woah... turn it off-
Okay we are- now you can whisper and you can still hear me. We're for the first time scanning all of your exams, um and grading them online. So we don't know exactly how that process is gonna go. Um, we're working on it. So, our intention is to get them to you, um, by next week, so more in a practical time. Now, if I were you, if I were you, my question would be: well that's fine for exam two, when will exam one be finalized? Yeah, it shouldn't be funny right? That's so sad, um... There are still, we think three grades are done, but we haven't uploaded the scores to chara yet, so it's a race. Midterm one and midterm two are in a race to see who will actually be completely finished before next Wednesday, so... I'm hoping, I'm hoping... Alright, I wanted to give you further clarification, so that was a non-answer by me on midterm one. Sorry. I wanted to give you a more complete explanation about how we're gonna handle the b-tree lab, because, uh, the, I told you last time that it will have a point of extra credit in it, um, and the way we're gonna do that, we're just gonna score you like usual. So, it will be out of one whole point, a third of which is attendance, and then we're gonna double that score. So, if you didn't go, the number of points you can get potentially is a little bit lower, but if you go to lab, then it's worth kind of extra in an absolute sense, though the same relatively. Okay, any other administrative questions you would me to address in this public forum? I can address the fact that it's Friday, yay. Is that administrative? Yeah? So the final is posted publicly, I haven't gone to look but I got the little announcement saying the final exam schedule is up for combined exams. So you should be able to go to the registrar's page and we will at some point also post it and make it loud, but I think the information is available to you. Actually does anybody know the answer to that? Alright, when is the final? This is, I'm giving you this with oh... 80%, you know, you should back it up, but, go ahead. Monday, 7 pm. The 14th, he thinks. Arman did you want to say something, you were going to replicate that, was he right?