I'm gonna leave it like this. I don't like leave off by one error there. How would we prove that was true? this is my best out here. This height is log N? Not induction yet. First of all what we are gonna do is twist the question around to the minimum number of nodes in the tree of height h. Answer is that and then do induction and invert it. The maximum height of a complete tree containing n nodes, we are going to say the minimum number of nodes in a tree of height h. Ask the inverse question. Algorithms that traverse the root to leaf are going to be log n. How do we insert into this structure. I'll draw like this. Here's what I wanna know from you. Tell me a number that would be a key to e super easy to insert into this structure. 13 would be super-easy to insert. Where does it go? It goes into 7. right here. The reason it's super easy to insert is it's greater than 7 so it's correct and easy to insert because it's something that goes right here in the array. Anything that is greater than 7 can go that spot and that spot corresponds to this cell. The smallest one would be 8 but it's already in the tree. So 10 would be fine. I'm gonna insert 5. I want to insert 5. you don't like it because it breaks the key property, where that property is an order, a monotonically increasing path from the root to a leaf. So how can I fix it? Swap! very good observation. I can just, it is safe, for me to swap 5 and 7 here. Because if 5 is less than 7, then it is certainly less than 11 because 11 is greater than 7. It is okey parent for its sibling. It is an okey parent for the other side of the tree. So that was a safe thing to do. Do it again! Is it safe to swap 5 up to here? 2 things are going on. I believe you understand it's ok to bring 5 up. But is it ok to bring 6 down? Anything less than the previous key is ok. And we know 6 is less than 7. But we know 6 is less than 7 because it was above it and it was a heap to start with. So it's okey to bring 6 down. Now the heap property this property about increasing path from root to leaf is restored. That process, that swapping process, we refer to as heapifyup. 