Okay. When you see HP. Raise your hand if you first think of harry potter.Raise your hand if you first thing of hewlett packard. What a phenomenon right? What did you think of? Yeah , right? Weirdest thing. To the rest of the world it's harry potter, but not us. Embrace your geek-dom. I don't know what it means to dress as a hewlett packard for Halloween. But I bet you guys could figure it out. I wasn't going to make any jokes today, darn it. Alright so these are keys, and these are the values. So this slide was made when my 18 year old was 12 and he was the serial killer. That was the perfect  12 year old costume. His name is Issac. I had to change his name because I didn't want to tell everyone his name. Oh wait. Darn it, not jokes today. Okay and this year our smallest child wanted to be the serial killer. Its this legacy in our family, that you have to be hot gluing mini-wheats to a t-shirt at 2 o'clock in the morning the night before halloween. Alright. So this our data. The keys are peoples names. You can think of them generally as strings if you want. It would be crazy to call somebody ice cream cone. So were not talking about general strings here. Presumably for names we might have some type, which is a name type and the elements of that set would be prescribed by some lookup table. Even though these look like strings, they may in fact not be implemented to be such. Okay so our goal is to take my data including the keys and values and map them in some reasonable way so that the costumes live inside this table. So whats a good hash function for this? How can we take this key and create some function on it that maps each one of these things to a small integer value? For this just this set we were super lucky, right? Because, the people in my neighborhood happened to have first letters that all go in order. And so our hash function, the thing that can take the key that looks like this and map it to that, is simply k[0] - 'A'. This will interpreted as values and that difference will return some small integer. Any questions about that? That means were going to get black cat here and HP here and spy and basketball player. When you saw bball, did you think basketball or baseball? 