Okay, Im going to start talking, because it is officially time to start while this gets going. I cant change it yet, it might be because the system is still initializing. Okay, I will yell for, woahhh, turn it off. Okay, we are for the first time scanning all of your exams and grading them online, so we dont know how exactly that process is going to go, we are working on it. Our intention is to get them to you by next week, so more in a practical time, now, if i were you my question would be, lets find for exam 2 when will exam 1 be finalized? Yeah, it shouldnt be funny right, thats so sad. There are still, we think the regrades are done, but we havent uploaded the scores to chara yet, so its a race, midterm 1 and midterm 2 are in a race to see who will actually be completely finished before next wednesday. Alright, I wanted to give you further clarification, so that was a non answer by me on midterm 1, Sorry. I wanted to give you a more complete explanation about how we are going to handle the b tree lab, because I told you last time that it will have a point of extra credit in it. We are going to score you as usual, so it will be out of 1 whole point and third of which is attendance and then we are going to double that score, so if you didnt go then the number of points you can get potentially is a little bit lower, but if you go to the lab then it is extra in the absolute sense, though the same relatively. Okay so any other administrative questions you would like me to address in this public forum? I can address the fact that it is friday. Yay!! Is that administrative? So the final is posted publicly. I haven't gone to look, but i got the little announcement saying that the final exam schedule is up for the combined exam, so you should be able to go to the registrar page and we will at some point also post it and make it loud, but I think the information is available to you. Actually, does anybody know the answer to that? When is the final? This is, I am giving you this with 80%, you know you should back it up, but, go ahead, Monday 7pm, the 14th. Did you want to say something? You were  going to replicate that, was he right?