A tree that looks like this? Now, when I look at that, it's a little harder to distinguish the fact, sorry, that there have been some sort of--that there is structure to the numbers themselves, right? This isn't, you know, uhhh, I guess there's an increasing sequence, but it's very--it requires a very particular decreasing sequence going the other way, kind of. Right?
So, it's easy to say, yo, do not give me data in sorted order. 
But it's a little harder to say, make sure not to give me data that looks like this, cause I don't even now necessarily how to describe that. And yet, it made what looks like, kind of a bad tree, right? Like this linked list-y kind of tree.
Any question about that? So now I have a question for you and this is a harder puzzle yet.
I wanna know, how many bad n-item trees are there?
K, so we agree these are bad trees, or at least they're no better than linked-lists. 
Um, I wanna know, if I have n pieces of data how many of those--how many trees are there that look like this?  [gibberish]
We could do this remotely--like a remote control thing, right? Like, I could say, and you can write, and... Are you working on this?
My hint is to draw a few of other bad trees, and maybe to just kinda start counting them and think about it combinatorially with a picture. 
Yeah? Uh-huh. Oh yeah, sorry I'll do that. 
It's one, six, two, five, three, four. Does that make sense?
So you insert one, that becomes the root. You insert six, it goes to the right. You insert two, it goes--it's greater than one but less than six. Does that make sense? Yeah? 
And then you insert five. It is greater than one. Five, we're talking about five, k?
Now where does five go? I don't know, but it has to go greater than one, it has to go less than six, it has to go greater than two, right?
It would probably help if I drew this more like this, right?
Like... right, like if this--here's one, here's six, here's two, here's five. Okay.
I should have--I should have done it... Should have been more careful.
Okay, anybody have any ideas for how many BAD n-item trees are there--there are?
So, I've got n pieces of data, I don't really care what they are. say they're the numbers one through n. I wanna know how many of these long straight trees there are.
Yeah? 2^n?! Where did you come up with that? That was pulled out of the air! ...Was it? [laugh]
Now where'd you come up with that? It's correct, I wrote it down. It's correct.
So, where did that come from? Yeah? Oh, actually it might be 2^n-1. Ohhhhhhh! [laughs]
Okay, where does that come from? Yeah? Yeah? Uh-huh.