A tree looks like this. Now, when I look at that it's a little to harder distinguish the fact, sorry, that there has been some sort that there is structure to the numbers themselves right? This isn't, you know, uhhhhhhhh, I guess there is an increasing sequence, but it's very, it requires very particular decreasing sequence going the other way kinda right? So it's easy to say "yo" do not give me data in sorted order. But it's a little harder to say make sure to not give me data that looks like "this", because I don't even know necessarily how to describe that, and yet and made what looks like kind of a bad tree right? Like this linked listy kind of tree. Any questions about that? So now I have a question for you, and this is a harder puzzle yet. I want to know how many bad n-item trees are there? So we agree that these are bad tree, that are no better than linked list. I want to know if I have n-pieces of data, how many of those how many trees are there that look like this? Ok, I take it back. We can do this remotely like a remote control thing. Right? Like I can say and you can write. Are you working on this? My hint is to draw a few other bad trees and maybe to just start counting them and think about combinatorial with the picture. Yeah? uh-huh, oh yes, sorry. It's one six two five three four. Does that make sense? So you insert one that becomes the root. You insert six and it goes to the right. You insert two it goes it's greater than one but less than six. Does that make sense? Yeah? And then you insert five it is greater than one. five. We're talking about five. Now where does five go? I don't know but it has to go greater than one. It has to go less than six. It has to go greater than two. Right? It would probably help if I drew this more like this. Right? Like this here's one here's six here's two here's five. Ok. I should have should have been more careful. Hey, anybody have any ideas for how many "bad" n-item trees there. So I got n-pieces of data, I don't really care what they are. Say they are the numbers one through n. I want to know how many of these long straight trees there are. Yeah? two to the n? Where did you come up with that? That was pulled out of the air. Was it? hehehe. Now where did you come up with that? It's correct. I wrote it down. It's correct. Where did that come from? Yeah? Oh, actually it might be two to the n minus one. OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Ok, where does that come from? Yeah? Yeah? Uh-huh. 