Circular assignment of pointers. And this particular rotation is one that take the length of the tree and kinda moves it up around ninety for the new root. And because of this dance move, because it's like this and then up it is a left rotation. OK got that? Because it went from this side and moved the bulk of the tree left, and it's shadow dancing. OK so this is a left rotation. So this example is a left rotation. So the way I emphasized that sort of implies there is a symmetric operation called a right rotation where everything. Every left here is replaced with right, every right here is replaced with left and of course having a swap variable before you do that. Um but that the operation itself would be... would... the operations itself would be in that... Operation itself would be analogous. OK. Any question about this? Yes. Ah, very good. When we uh. Well you tell oh this is the perfect time to talk about this actually. I don't usually but this is really good. So I wanna know, in this structure whose heights changed? In fact you can kinda shade it with your pencil, as  you're doing it sort of just do a little sketch over the heights in the structure that change in the rotation from this tree to this one. Which ones change? I'm gonna do it like this. OK, so eighty's height changed yeah? Ninety's height changed. Anybody else's? Height is the longest path from a root to a leaf in a subtree. Did we change A? Did we change A at all? We changed where it's located but did we change any of the nodes inside A? Take a look at A. Did we change A? Nothing's different about A at all, so none of the heights of its nodes can change. Yeah. No, yeah we are answering it with the whole tree, I'm not done here. Yeah. Yeah, so did A change? Did B change? Yeah so none of these subtrees had any heights that changed. Uh what about over here, twenty, thirty, fourty, any of that change at all? Absolutely not even participating in this, the rotation, right? OK what else changed? Yeah? Yeah. Oh it happened not to. Yeah, yeah, OK. It's true. Ninety's happens to not be different but might have if the tree had been shaped differently. OK so here's the deal. When you deal