The sum of the heights of all of the vertices. We want a upper bound on it. Okay, so what's a recurrence for this? So, I'm going to do this. Um. At level zero the height is h, at level one the height is h-1 all the way down to the level, the hth level has height 0. Okay, I'm just gonna make that note in case it becomes important because I can't remember if it does. Okay. So the sums of the heights of everything, of all of the nodes, is going to be denoted S of h. So how could I write in terms of S of h-1? I know that this is a recurrence and that one smaller in this context and that one smaller in this context is going to be S of h-1. So I'm trying to add up the sums of the paths of all the heights. So it is, two times, right? Two times the sums of all the heights of these nodes. Wait, the sums of all the heights of these nodes, the sums of all the heights of these nodes, plus, plus h. That's right, for the root, the height of the root. So it's two, oh noo. Oh no. Don't breathe, okay? Plus h. And in a tree of a height 0 the sums of the heights of all of the nodes is 0, right? Okay. I did this solution a long time ago. I spent, you know, I spent maybe 15 minutes unrolling it a little bit and I came up with this as the closed form solution. Okay, so the solution is: 2^(h+1)-2-h. Okay? Instinctively, is that good news or bad news? You hate it when you see an exponent in a running time, don't you? But remember that's a height, so exponential in the height just puts it in the realm of the number of nodes so it's probably okay, especially for a complete tree. Okay. So let's prove that this is a correct solution to the recurrence of this because you should never take my word on a closed form for a closed form solution. You should always prove it. So, let, um, h be an, actually let little h be arbitrary, and arbitrary integer greater than or equal to 0. If h is equal to 0, then s of 0 is 0, is given by the recurrence and this should be for h greater than or equal to 0. And by the expression. So it's all good. Wait, you might not want to write that down on your homework, not sure. Okay, any question about that? So the base case here is to look at what the recurrence gives you and what the expression that you're hoping is true gives you, and if they're the same then you're good. And are they the same? 2^(h+1) is? 2. Minus 2 is? Minus 0 is 0. Okay, so we're good. The base case is fine. So if h is greater than 0. Then, the recurrence, gives 2(S(h-1)+h). The inductive hypothesis says S(h-1) equals what? What does the inductive hypothesis give you for S(h-1)? 2 to the? H, plus 1, minus one. I love it when that happens. Minus 2, minus (h-1). Okay, good. Okay, you good? So all we have to do is plug that into the recurrence. So the recurrence gives S(h) equals 2(2^h - 2 - (h-1) + h). Oh brother. [Sighs]. Does it work? Do you get it, did you get it?