Okay, so we are gonna work today, I'm going to remain silent about the test because there are people still taking it so you can ask me about it all you want and I will look at you with blank eyes, like I'm not going to respond.  So I think we are gonna focus on things going forward, on Friday I'll have a better grip on what the grading process is going to be like, but I just don't want to talk about it today. So MP6 is on your plate, I have a couple things to say about this point in your semester. I think yesterday was your worst day for this class for this semester because the exam was pending, MP6 was out, b trees lab, so you might not have known that yesterday was the worst day but yesterday was the worst day. And this week is kind of the hardest week. So the b trees lab is this week, and it is known to be the hardest lab. Rather than simplify it, I'm going to make it worth double credit, so if you are willing to invest the time into it, you are going to get a little bit of a bump for having done so. Okay so I don't want to shorten the lab, I think it is a good experience, worth the investment, but I'll give you credit for the extra time that it takes. So one of the points will be extra credit, so now instead of having fourteen points associated with the labs for the class, now we have fifteen so ten of those we are counting on you to get to get the A, now there are five extra credit points. So you won't be penalized for your decision making process, your just making a choice not to go for some extra credit. So finally today, we are done with trees, we are going to move onto hash tables. Probably, at least from my perspective, as somebody who likes to get things done using python, probably hash tables are the most important data structure, for the kind of things I do. Now if I were a scientist, if I were doing a different kind of computing day to day, I might be interested in being able to search regions of things, hash tables dont give you that we'll talk about that later, but suffice to say this stuff is important. Alright so, what does it mean when we talk about hashing? Well it simply means that we are going to use a data structure called a hash table to implement abstract data type dictionary. 