T, good, T, that's right, the least number of nodes you should have been flipping back to your definitions one more than the least number of keys it can hold. So, this is now to T, let's do level 3. Now, notice that, for each node in level 2, for each node in level 2, you might have this many children, right? So, how many are there in level 3? 2 t squared, okay, now, we're going to add all those up. How about level h? two t to the h minus one. Now let's add those up. I'm going to do it like this, I'm going to say that sum is one plus two times t to the k where k goes from zero to h minus one. Dun, dun, dunnnnn. It's my phrase of the day apparently, one plus, what is this sum? Oh my gosh, what is this? Does anybody know it, just off the top of their head? It's t to the h minus one over t minus one. We good? Two times that, good. Catch, good catch. Okay, how many keys can be in each one of the nodes? How many keys can be in each one of the nodes? Okay, so we counted nodes, we counted nodes, and how many keys were the smallest number of keys that could be in the root? One, right, but the rest of them can have how many keys? Do it in terms of t, because it is lovely. Okay, so the total number of keys, is then, the number of nodes, which is two t to the h minus one over t minus one times the number of keys in each node. Which is? t minus one. Watch this, gone! Gone! Ahhh, I love it when stuff works out like that! And we end up with two t squared minus one plus one? minus two plus minus one, okay. Two k h, two to the h. okay, sorry.Any question about it? What are we going to do next? What does this result say? So this means, n is at least that. So, is that what we want? No, we want to argue about the height, right? So how do we do that? Invert it, that's right, invert that inequality. So the least total number of keys is t to the h minus one times two, two t to the h minus one. Write that as an inequality, I just did, rewrite that as an inequality about h, so I will race you. So that means, okay, we gotta do, n over two plus one, wait, geez, ughhhh. n plus one over two, log base what? log base t of that and then I get is greater than or equal to h. So h, is less then or equal to log base t of this thing. Okay? Now all logs, can be any other log, right? And so we have h is, all logs are constant factors of one another, so we have h is less then or equal to log base t of some function of n, so h is big O of log of n. Okay, ummm. m is considered fixed. You will go back and look at this, it doesn't tell you anything different than we have already analyzed. Okay, right, there you go. 