Okay. Alright, so this is what we are gonna do. We are going to create, so first of all we are going to call this f, a hash function. And we are going to take a value k from our key space. Feed it into this hash function h(k). We are going to define h(k). Please look at the characteristic of h(k). Out of that, is going to come some small index, i, and in that location, i, in some table, we are going to store some data. So this is for a k v pair. Okay, any question about that? This is our plan but it's still ambiguous because we don't know what this thing has to look like. So that is kinda what we are going. Alright, any question before we start. This is all set up. This is all leading us to the interesting part. Let me make sure I wasn't suppose to say something else. Yes? No, not necessarily, so the question is, are we assuming the value. Were you asking about the values? This is a plain O array. Good I am glad you asked. This is an array. This are the indicies and these are the values. So yes, this is 0 1 2 up to you know however big that array is. Okay and these are the indicies for that array. Alright, is that clearify it? Yes, it is a one-dimensional array. Good. Okay. okay, hmm so I wanna talk about just a second about this h (k) function. So your key might be you know whatever, a camera model or a flight, an airline flight or whatever. And what h(k) has to do is it has to take that thing that type of thing as input and produce a small value that you can use as an array index. Well this is what commonly done. it is very common to set up h(k) as the composition of two functions. Like this. h(1) of h(2) of okay where h 1 of k just make sure that your key fits into the array. So where h(1) of k h(1) of sorry, it is going to be an integer. So it equals x mod n where n is the table size, so it is very very common, take your key and map it to some integer whose value you are not worry about. And take that and shrink it, the mod so it fits into your table. So this is an example. These are the children in my neighborhood and their Halloween customs.