To a right rotation, I think, if I recall correctly. Um, And eighty so eighty and ninety and, every node on the the way up the tree. ok including in this case, fifty, might change. ok? Any question about that? yeah? Whats the height of 60 here? heights go down. heights are measurements so a is the subtree whose root is sixty. A is the subtree whose root is sixty, height is measured as the distance to a leaf, so when you're looking at A, you're only looking down the tree. Yes I agree A's level changed but not it's height, ok. So again this is an example of vocabulary that is very swapped, make sure you see the difference a description of a tree's level and a tree's height. Ok they're kinda almost inverses of one another. Does that makes sense, Does that totally clarify. Ok anything else about this? alright, so when we write real code for this beyond just these assignments, we;re going to do two things, we're going do two things, we're gonna assume each node stores it's height, and then we're going to update the height as we walk up the tree. Alright, so lets get some practice, lets get some practice. And, as I said, the right rotation is symmetric. I look at this tree and I go its kinda long on the left, so i'm gonna take it and do a right rotation and fix it. Ok? so whats the first thing you do? you find whoa that's cool. Ok? I know how to fix it. ok. Is it better like that, I don't know, I need to be able to adjust it quickly. Alright, so you find the stick, and you change it into a mountain. Ok, I will race you. You don't have to write the code, we already did, but I will race you in changing this one into a mountain. Ok, so I know how to do this its... forty , twenty, seventy, and then I've got A and B and C and D. This was an easy one because a lot of them are empty, Then, I'm gonna hook them on here, A and B and C is fifty and sixty and seventy's right child is eighty. Ok. Got it? yeah did you get the same tree? Ok check your neighbor. haha put your notes over in neighbor's paper. How did they do. rat them out if they didn't do any work heh heh heh. just kidding oh hi whats up. Oh nice. sorry. thank you for listening Ok, so we have a beautiful new tree. huh what do you think. shoot. ugh darn it. it didn't help anything. So can you see why, can you see what kinda happened here? can you see what kinda happened? Why didn't this work? what happened. Anybody want to articulate it? 