of n keys. Again this is 173. Most people say 173 is a reasonable prerequisite. Alright but here is the cool thing. here is the result. you're ready for the result. If you take all the n factorial arrangement and you builds trees from a tree from each of them and then quanitify the heights so this is one would be 1 2 3 4 5. This is one has 5 and this one has height 2 and you take the average over all of those, you get a result that is bounded by. What do you hope by right here? log(n). you get a result that is bounded by log(n) and so that's good. it means that random trees are good trees. if you have a reason to believe that you data is inserted in an arbitrary order then you have hope bigger height of your trees not too bad so that's good news. we could fill in this table but I'm going to leave it to you to do that because i want to talk about something else that's more interesting. you can do that offline you can do it on piazza if you want because I want to talk about this. i want to talk about desert. I have here two trees that contain the same data. two trees that contain same set of keys. which one do you like better? the one on the right. right? okay so the way we're going to describe this as we go forward is we prefer trees that look like mountain to trees that look like sticks. so that now though we can rely on our affection for mountains or sticks, instead we have to quantify. we have to give our selves a way of differentiating between things that we like and things that we don't like. so we gonna define a metric on a the root of subtree so this the height balance of a tree so tree is any. it could be a subtree as well so this is true recursively. so its the definition at any root at any subtree, we gonna take the difference between the height of the left subtree and the height of the right subtree and call that the balance. okay? so this is just the difference between subtree heights. okay? so T tree has balance if its an empty tree or tree T is equal to T not empty then its height balanced b that is the balance that it holds is. what do you think this will be? 0 right, that would be perfectly balanced but guess what? we gonna let be a little bit not zero. yeah we gonna let trees a little bit out of balance. every good life has a good balance and not good balance and its this definition then that. this is an example of a definition that differentiates between this tree and this tree. OH! its a recursive definition and TL and TR are height balanced. and that's where we will start next time is figuring out what this balance gets us 